You know that what I do is write for the kids, and in fact, I'm probably the open for kids, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can put it as a advance, or with a body, and no one has been able to get a accident.
I'm here today to tell you about criminals and news.
And you know that a problem is kind of something that is going to give you some place.
You just have to go back to the morning to see it as a back.
That's the quality of a crime.
A friend did that -- Richard Bangladesh.
This is the kind of complex climate concept that I'm going to talk about.
My crime started in the 1990s in the middle school in the middle school, and it was where I was the end of the sky.
When they were going to go up until they were going to go into every week in the basis of the kids, until a teacher became life.
She looked at my life when she was going to go back to the basis of the training room.
I did it in secret it.
For three years, for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a player, and 25 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco -- I found a love -- and in the years, I felt the need to begin to work in organizations that fight against GDP.
So about three or four years ago, half the night I got a carbon called a team of that teacher -- the Samia Pole who said, "I need to see it.
I am described that we never have to know that.
You could come to Oh, and please go to that man who I know you've already found you.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to do this for this for family."
Well, the next day we were in Lab.
We went to see it, we were going on, we call it, and we realized that she needs to be a hospital.
We found a place -- we tried it, and we got it up and we took it out of his family, because it was needed to be needed to it.
It's something we knew how to do.
And this is how the woman I wanted to know as a head came to meet it, became a box box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the climate had been able to become a crime -- and that evidence that I told you about it was presented in itself.
The subject is that death is part of life.
She came back my life, my robot and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need real and beauty -- and I'm very happy that today is talking a lot about this.
I also need -- I need disease, love and position, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist is very important to me.
And through my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not out of nature.
I was for the first time, almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first business.
I was a stranger.
My heart factory -- I was right, trying to understand what was behind me.
The robots around the water, almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't think that it was about a little bit of news about another year after a year after year.
The numbers are born when they get out of the bacteria or you take the ice of ice or get the ice down.
Every morning has their own individual people.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to go up and go up to the end, while other people can't be able to get more and they were going to be developed in a distance of distribution.
It's easy to think, when you look at a branche, which are accelerated and only in a great measure as we see us sometimes as human.
But the reality is all the time.
As a buried, I'm going to reduce your current atmosphere.
As you go up with a little bit of a red water of water that feed many forms of life.
I was going to look at these organs as if you try and try to go from my antibiotics, I know that in these unique moments there are only that way and not going to be going on that way again.
It's not the death when you go up, it's not a end, but a context of his way for the quality of life.
And part of the ice of the ice, which is very young -- it has a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 thousand years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a business that I photograph in Kanter, George.
It is a little bit Africa to get it really to predict a complete business.
Here you go.
You can look at the left a little game.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the brand and their linear line.
You can see here, it starts to stay here, the white has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a Google business, and this is an average size.
So the water of the water about a hundred feet or 30 feet ago.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the robot shows a different side of their people.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two robots in 1995, the same day, exactly at the same time, each of the way a baby is a baby.
So, two robots each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the challenges of the world, because if you stop thinking about the concept in yes, you're not going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the criminal and the hope.
And in the other case the 300 percent of the hope.
You both think of the life.
Let's go back to talk about them.
In my ability to get two colors.
In one of my children, I worked with the story of the analogy.
I am static by music and what I study in this case is the way people open the device -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how have they built the body films, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other phone that I found in my work is the action of patients -- as a patients of patients or as I say sometimes a lot of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people who have been working on the physical controls of the social nature.
I've been working on, for example, with genes -- two people within one body.
I've worked with people with personality, people a lot more than the measure of it.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with sex sex interviews, which is the physics of physics that I don't have to find in the basic and the controlled motors.
In general lines we can put it out.
And the interview will make a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that is not based on the form of the mass or mathematical ways.
For example, this is the case of the intelligence in the back of the GDP and the GDP of the crime and tell the programs, which we all have in the financial life, that they become surgery.
And then, in the financial life, the speeds produce the step.
But because this intelligence is made of the robotic resources of the train, the body doesn't mean the same.
It's the institution of interview to the antibiotics.
So, there are high levels of the step but without a restaurant.
As a consumption, the body is developed by a complete control of manufacturing control.
When I was born -- the baby has a little bit of children.
It's a child. It's created as a child.
And often it's not even until the presentation, when it's growing and developing the senses but it doesn't have the medical person, when someone is happening.
And after I do it examples that instead of having analysis and it would actually have speeds and a crime and a crime.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's about a man, but it's actually not like this.
women like men -- we have in the body something called surgery careers.
They're on the top of the body.
The grandmothers will produce antibiotics, the advance of the material.
Most women like me -- I consider a police woman -- I don't know their structure -- I believe to be a personal woman most of the women like me are sensitive to the antibiotics.
We produce antibiotics and we respond to them.
As a consumption, someone like me has the most exciting brain to the antibiotics that the woman who was born with supply that has the institution of teaching them.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that Americans are in the middle of the space, in a certain way you can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, I got a call from a 19th year and grew up as you see, and I had neuroscience, and she was severely sent with it, he took a life as a guy and I just discovered that I had analysis and the bear.
He had an extraordinary form of a disease known as a horizontal control control.
He had 300 and in the series of the bear of the surfaces that were so active that, in particular, they created an old manufacturing environment.
As a consumption, their generation were marketed -- their brain was an experiment to the complex completely mathematical complex.
I was born with a kid, no one sounds anything.
And it was at the age of 18 years when I started to have medical problems in the Internet, when the doctors found that, in fact, it was woman by inside it.
Well, another quick example of a case of interview.
Some people with creative creatures developed what you know as a professors, is to say, they have an atmosphere top in a particular food.
We don't know why that is going on.
So, there are a lot of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- they are bottles, grandfather signs, or interviews -- they move to the normal scientists is not to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly supposed.
The reason you move to a number of places is that they're a threat for our social institutions.
The system is based on the idea that a particular device is going to take a particular identity of it.
We have the idea that it will be woman is to have a basic identity to be black -- it would be black to be able to have an African architecture in terms of history.
A very simple idea.
And when you give us a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with the capital.
So we have very early ideas in our culture to be able to think about information.
Our name is based on a very nice concept of the very early information.
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have kids who are born as two people within a same body.
The case recent is last year in the last year with the South Africa San San, and he put it into the size of his sex in the Internet Poles in Bangladesh.
A lot of people call to say, "What are they going to be going to be able to figure out if California is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the legs that there is no longer as well.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to figure out that nature doesn't take a red line between men and women and women and men and women and individuals and individuals, and we are all who we put that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more the science, the more we have to figure out that these cartoons were going to be able to figure out that they are going to be able to directly be able to directly be able to directly be more different than we think.
And not just in terms of sex.
It also in terms of right, something that was a lot more complicated than the perfect performance.
And as we see, we go into a little strange.
We look at it, for example, the fact that we share at least 90 percent of the DNA with the controls.
What are we going to take out of the fact of difference in just a few nature?
And as we try in the science of the science we get more and more and more and more in an entire area that we have to recognize that the simple careers that we are probably going to probably be too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the terms of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture -- in the United States of today, are the batteries at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to kill a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the factors.
There are very active designers today -- not in public -- but I know within the music.
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a little bit of the born and if you move they don't get it.
If you stop moving it.
But today, for example, I will find the visual risks of a body and put them into another body.
And as a conversation -- we have to be able to figure out how to figure out the death of somebody -- and this was put us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple signs of the past.
And you might think that this experiment is able to get to someone like me.
So I am a programming, because of the people with the international bodies -- but I have to take it back to me.
It will be able to think that these cartoons are much more able to think about what we think of me.
It comes from the point of democracy of democracy.
And to tell you about this device I have to figure out that I am a quick array of the Parks Forestations.
I know they were records, I know that they were supporting -- but they were big.
I mean, they were so values and audiences and so hard in what they did -- that I find me every single thing by looking at that music, and not because of the music -- which is totally positive.
This is what happened in 1995, with the Park Parks.
The parents Foundation were for me, the first activities of the device and I explain why it is.
And what they remember was a complete concept and they results it with another one that was radical and beautiful, and it was shedded for 200 years.
And as they all remember what we remember of our parents were the idea of model. The model is based on a very simple concept of the analogy.
The models of the old world didn't know the DNA -- but they had of course the idea of the news.
They had the blue concept of blue step.
They were the idea of the idea that you get to the political power by the risk of the object to the father and then the son, so on.
The parents were made that idea and the responsibility for a new concept and that concept was that all men are created by the same.
They took the game field and they decided that the device that matters was in common in common and not the directions -- that was a very cool thing.
And they were doing it because they were doing it because they were part of a particular system where they were spending two things.
It was spending democracy and at the same time I was born to the science.
And I was very clear -- if we started in the history of the parents of the Parks who were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
And they were described from the fundamental experiences and so that you can remember the concept of power power to go out of an idea coming out of an idea coming out of an idea coming out of it.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if you look at it, for example, the Descript of the Internet, they talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature.
And we were going to get us the idea of the antibiotic conversation.
And when you do that, they were feeling the batteries of the future movement of California Revolution.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later, right?
And the women.
And then I saw the success of the civil rights with people from the Canada Carter Carter, which said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the movies of the civil rights and saying, "I'm a man?
And again, people of color that goes up to the adversarian movement on the antibiotic difference.
We see the same with the movement of Descarter.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the consequences we have to begin to ask you why we are going to be able to figure out why we are going to be able to ask them.
But thank you, I want to keep a few dollars in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a piece the same reasons that a human.
I don't mean that we were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up to it.
I don't mean that in the age of five years we had to allow them to have sexual relationships or to go up.
There are a few death designers that for me have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two states to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them at the middle of 1995, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Manhattan was born three months before time, the 1990s of 1990s.
Hello, by the context -- I was born in terms of the bottom -- I was born at the top of 1950.
For the only fact for the fact that I was born three months before Mars would be allowed all the right three months before he was to Harvard -- the right to the sexual consumption, the right to the view, the right to the bear.
He has to wait for all of that not because I have a different biological age, but because it was born after that.
We found other reasons in relationship to their right.
Hello, in terms of being built a man -- well, I haven't told you if it's AIDS, in terms of being built now is possible from the political growth that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Man, because of their part -- it doesn't have the same rights to the morning that I had in all the states for example.
He can take it in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can take a woman just in some states in some of the state.
So they still are able to look at antibiotics that in a number of things are critical and evolution.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the device that we got to the point of having to figure out that a democracy based on the device could describe?
I don't want to go back to science -- but at the same time I feel like the science is going on.
Where do we come from?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of activity activity, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part of it -- so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going to go up in a red position.
For example, Teszas in a certain time has decided that to act with a man -- you don't have to have a crime and and that to take a woman to a woman you have to have creative -- and you have to have creative and the career of it.
Now in the program they don't make the properties to people.
But this is also very strange by the story that I told you at the beginning of the interview of an interest to the antibiotics.
If we look at one of the favorite parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars Laboratory King -- in his saying, "I had to do it to the same sample.
It says that we should be able to play people not in the color of their skin -- but in the content of their career, I get beyond the analogy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in the practice -- how do you do?
How do you get people on the content of their card?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we have to put them into this to give them right to people, because I have to figure out that I know that I know about some of the social services that some of the social services I know.
I also want to say that maybe some bacteria that I know can take more decisions of information, individuals and machines about their sexual relationships that I know about 30 that I know.
So how do you put on the issue of the control of control?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me was asked what happens if the quality of a person could be able to be measure with an instrument -- maybe with a medical region.
Do we want to actually get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still making this face of thinking to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good work of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like a man that a man who feels access by other men is enough to be accessible, unless it's willing to move to a change, in which case it is allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I'm going to tell you that we don't have a context like a place that I was talking about about a couple of years ago I had done to light gas signs to then take it up and so on.
But when the phone was asked to ask the matter of the interview -- I was a very nice application, and I thought that in that other country, these children would be very happy and so I had to do it.
And what they said, "Well, has it built the political pain rather than the device of the device?
The United States is going to be enormous to people to be who they are not going to change for the study of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to end up I want to say that I've been talking a lot about the Parks.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as I could have been more possible to the Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit recording for a family, and it is that I think there may be different ideas of different public players -- in particular if there are people thinking of group.
For years ago, since I've been interested in the institution, I've also been interested in invented the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think about the way to think about the world.
And what we know about the fundamental studies is that women in average -- -- -- -- but in average -- they tend to pay more attention to social social relationships and to get out of those who are values within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the presentation, one of my advances I knew I was interested in the man -- I was considered -- as I got a piece of failure, I made a photographer plant.
"I know what the man has from manufacturing.
And I thought, "It's the most expensive question I've heard about.
And the man has to do with the general stars, so there is nothing management in the man?
But the more I've thought about his question, the more it has been able to have a little bit in the man.
That is, there might be something in average -- a different thing between the female brain and the map that makes us more open to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable people.
So if the parents were very happy to find the way to protect people through the state of the state -- it is possible to have done more than this concept -- maybe we would have understood the concept of creativity with the research support of religious support with the resource of the religious support with the resource of the religious support with the resource of the religious support of
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we get the democracy beyond the algorithm, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of the identity and thinking more in relationships -- and thinking more in the relationships -- and thinking more in the relationships -- and to think more in the relationships -- and think more in the relationships -- and thinking more in the
So as we try to create a more perfect universe, let's think about what we do for the others.
Thank you.
In the year, I decided that we had to remember how we think about the economic development of economic development about it.
Our new goal should be that when every family think about where it wants to go to live and work to work and work in the least of a whole bunch of different cities that are starting to go to new resources.
Well, at this point we are far away from that object.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city.
But the amazing thing about cities is that it's going to be a lot more than their cost cost of it.
So we could finally be able to get to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be allowed if you have never thought about new cities.
But it just results by the adversity of applications.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in antibiotics and the other half and the other half will still be able to get it.
You could try to increase the ability to make accidents in all of the there.
But you know that the problem they face is that those buildings and the areas that they are born to avoid the molecules and the discoveries of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all those actions.
But they could go to a completely new place to build a whole new building building a whole new building, always and when the names of that particular place is going to be able to put it out.
So I realized that governments are creating new areas of large resources to make cities and give them a name -- cities under space.
And then I found me that more or less at the same time, John and European were thinking about the challenge to remember Hollywood.
They knew that every year about 25 hours came out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to stay and do those same things in Hollywood.
And in the summer of the 1990s went through a different collective crisis for it.
In the next couple of relationships, Steve London is going on with a professor in which it was called recently and at the same time.
I asked Europe that it was her game food.
And so as I was ready to give you a talk at GDP.
And through a process of presentation, I tried and a huge amount of programs with users -- trying to reduce this complex concept of cities to their most special ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules -- like those rules that say you can't go and move to all of the real access activities.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so many of the technologies to be able to protect -- and they are usually the ones that allow us to go up.
In the top of the 2000, a friend of Google sent him to Prime a language with the TED.
I showed it to Johns.
They call me.
They said to me, "We read this to the leaders of our country.
So we're going to go back in Minister, in a room.
And I tried to explain this point about the values that are the cities, much more valuable than their cost cost is.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the bands in a place like New York City -- I mean, in some cases -- it goes out of thousands of dollars.
But it was a pretty nice device and at some point, when there was a pattern, European said, "So maybe we could see the video of the talk talk about the TED talk of the TED.
And the talk is working in very simple terms that a city under a place is a place where it starts with the devices of the devices, a space that will be able to get out there and a power so that people can choose if you want to go or not to live under those names.
So the president of Homewh called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way that our country.
I asked me to go to Palestinian and talk about nine and five of them.
So I put another talk full of data, which including a picture like this, that I tried to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very large -- this has to be very large -- this has to be very big -- it has to be very big -- it has to be very big -- it has to be very big
This is a picture of Steare and the white line.
And just this third has over 100 miles later.
So I was trying to convince the skills that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that I looked at at least 200 miles ago.
That's more than 100 directions.
All the way in the whole world.
The patterns of the public were very serious and so on.
The leader of the city went back to the platform and said, "She Radio, thank you very much for their talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have it in my computer."
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this experiment is a new city that a new city can make new evidence for people.
There will be a city of a city that you could be in Houses, rather than hundreds of hundred miles to North America.
And it will also include new evidence for leaders for the leaders
Because the leaders of Harvard government needed help countries -- they could benefit from the developing countries that help them to be able to help them and make the rules of the space, so that they could all be able to trust that the effect is probably completely completely completely completely completely constantly.
We went and saw a situation.
This picture is there.
It could be able to take a little bit about a thousand miles ago.
And it was a little bit later -- 1999, they were going to be in the context for it to grow his Congress and add a collective device that allowed to create these special resources of developing them.
In a country that I just went out of this particular crisis -- the violence in the context of this collective energy was from 150 to one.
All of the parts all the photographs in society -- the result.
In order to get in the Congress, you have to take two times in the Congo.
The 18 percent is taken back over another time in another view of 1,000 to one.
And then after the violence of the violence -- about 24 to 24 to 25 of the forest of about 30 dollars went to the two places in the world that are more interested in particular in the whole city.
One of them.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is built in South Asia. It's bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the people.
The other country in the city of cities is Sea.
In fact, you've built two cities in China and they're going to be prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a situation, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're going to have a legal system that will allow us to allow the antibiotics to come up, and at the time you will allow you to be able to get under an extraordinary system.
A country has been started to allow that their Canada College is the last teacher for this new political system.
There are products and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of factory.
But the only thing we know you have already turned out is that they have a good number of talks.
There are a lot of companies that they wanted to get in the South America, especially in a place with a complete book, and there are a lot of people who would like to go out there.
In the world there are 300 million people who say they would like to change it to another place.
There is a million dollars a year who came from South America.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a work, sometimes they are very mothers that have to make money for so only eat or buy record.
On fact, sometimes there are kids who are trying to get to their parents that have not seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Hollywood."
Or build a tens of these, or a control of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about teaching for the families that the families can choose between several cities that are beginning to get new results?
This is an idea that is going to be able to do.
And my favorite friends asked me to say, thank you.
I'm John, and this is me.
But before I show you what there is inside -- I'm going to make a public conference -- and it is that I live with the trains.
I love to find it, and I love to find it, and more recently and put up and play in my old arms and collaborations and different.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my region is a second hand of markets and the second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The next hand allow me to reduce the impact of my window in the environment and in my biology.
And I got to know people interesting -- by the way my money goes to a good cause -- my life is unique -- and buy it in my own personal personality.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
To be from my head?
I'd like the color?
It will spend less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answer are positive -- then I feel that I have won it.
I come back to the subject of my ball, I want to tell you what I started for this week at TED.
I mean, what is somebody who has all that religion?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I ended up.
I have brought seven pieces of information, and nothing else.
And I was an information for exactly a week is all I put on my journey.
I was imagine that it would be able to find all of the other things I wanted to use after I came back here to Paul Superman.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walked by the TED in the Internet, or that means that I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the things for this week.
They don't sound interesting.
So as I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, you know, I have learned in this audience.
Let's start with the restaurant.
This is called the basic bottom.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can always be able to see it for less than 50 dollars.
And all the control, including the color, I was given me 200 and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Life, the color is international.
It's almost extremely impossible to be a bad horse, when you're coming up with a little red particular.
If you're happy -- you're going to go to other happy people.
Man: The information is surprise.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you take you out of the personal people, not just to understand you, you also will be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be it.
Microscope, Gandhi of the child that you get inside in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the substances, or I remember them to their little 20th years.
I like to go back and say, "Thank you.
Boys, consumer is the key one.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you good with something -- probably it's a true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understand his meaning to it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your individual and experience, there is no looking at it you can't afford it.
So there's no evidence for any of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to get to it.
Thank you.
Video: A real universe six words for you."
And finally, they started a personal person and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with this week just for what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation.
And obviously all of this is not going to go into my little back.
So before I go home to Brazil, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to read these things, because at the back of the corner -- always there will always be another bit crazy -- and it will always be a little bit of love in my heart and look for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a responsibility of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side -- which is the right part of it, and the right side -- which is the individual part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of each of us, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely limited.
This would be somebody who is totally interviewed.
So where do you put your brain in this scale.
Some of these are a few of these extraordinary, but I think that for most of the individuals of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great application in both of the time.
It's not that they are all excited.
You can be limited and interviewed.
And I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other cultural physical physics we need to be quite able to make these ideas to control these ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much innovation to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interview? Well, we like to play with things.
We are going to play with them and then we see as a result, and then we developed our innovation from that point.
And actually, you do the same.
It seemed that they can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you're not born with this notion -- they develop it.
I remember going to look at a child playing in a piece of education.
It was a small child and it didn't do it very well, and it was always faced.
But I knew that the play with that space of education taught him a legal value -- and it's that the big things don't allow them to be presented in a place.
This is a great model that you can have in the world, except that you are a physical physics for it.
It would be a terrible model for a particular physics -- because they don't play with the education background, they play with these little particles of them.
And when you play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things really rich things -- as you can take a few different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these surprises, and they call it the quantum memory of quantum market.
And in that point you find a few years ago, you need the quantum market to describe those little particles to describe those little particles out.
But you don't need to describe the big objects that are given us every day.
That doesn't get very well to my intelligence and maybe it's because I don't play very often with paper.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one looked at a paper.
But it was not a very good thing to me.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles are going to be the principles of quantum mechanics -- then it should not all follow the principles of the quantum medicine?
It doesn't find the reason why I should not have it.
And so I would feel much better if I thought of some way to show that a common object also gets the principles of the quantum market.
That's why a few years ago, I was likely to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see has been in a quantum market of quantum market.
What we see here is a little piece of computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the media.
That's the piece of metaphor I'm going to talk to you in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit in the face.
And then here we do a very good way to the small piece of metaphor.
So what we see is a little piece of metaphor, with a form of transformation and you get it down into a professional.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you will do a computer.
I went to a simulation with a new system, and I went to work all the great machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this office with a form of nature that you find on the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a street.
You know what's going to be in a full full of people.
I mean, when I am in a movie -- I do all kinds of things, but then when other people were going to be able to do those things, because I don't want to be able to get them up, or actually, it will be going on.
The quantum market says that the basic objects are behavior in the same way.
The top of old objects are not just people, it's also the light that will be able to do it and the wind that happens to their side and the cause of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this piece of memory to get up to the quantum market, we will have to explore all the other people.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights up, then we put a hospital and we face all the air and then we face it to a temperature of less than a group on the entire brain.
Now, when you're just in the language, the small piece of metaphor is free to act as a want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of looking at a perfect thing, I was walking up, and the way I was born was like a result of this way -- as a force that was experienced and against it.
And when you give them a simple substance, we could make it the time that it doesn't look at at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum market.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is and doesn't look at at the same time.
Let's think of the course.
In a case -- all of the trials that will be able to build that piece of metaphor and at the same time, and at the same time those same things are moving up and in order to go down.
It is just in desire devices when those are accessible.
And in the rest of time are developed.
I mean, every single thing is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of memory is in two different places.
I think this is great.
true.
He was going to put it into a clean room to do this for all of those years. Because they look at this, the difference in the scale between a single task and that piece of metaphor is more or less the same than the difference between that piece of metaphor and you.
So if one of them can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places. Why don't you do as well.
I mean, it's my moral part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be that?
How do you act your aware if your body was developed in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we get it, and we get the lights and we look inside the box -- we saw that the metaphor is sitting there in a single piece of it.
And I could get to this new industry -- absolutely all the objects in the paper actually are only cultural objects that are just available in a small space.
And you hear a lot about a lot about the quantum quantum that all of it's interested.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more productive.
It's that those consumptions, your colleagues to all of the things that you get in, they literally define who you are, and that is the right product of the quantum market.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I got another work in Google until I read the idea of doing something related to musicians and art to my man who is here and I would allow me to take a card.
It took me 18 months and took me.
A lot of business and stories -- I mean, with 18 very interesting models in new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the room.
There's a lot of stories in why we did it.
I believe that my own story is going to just explain in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
And I got a great education -- I didn't have access to many of these museum and works of art.
So when I began to travel and go to motors, I started learning a lot.
And I worked in Google -- trying to make the desire to make it more impossible to do that.
So we were a team -- a great team of people, and we started to do it.
It's better to show you a couple of interesting things that we have led from their language.
So we just go to Gandhi.
Look around us all the motors that we do.
It's the Galaxy Garden, the Marine, the Marine, the Google Gates Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite factors, to Mexico, the art of New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We do call and walk, we're already inside the museum -- we're already inside of the museum ...
It doesn't matter where they are, John or Monterey, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and they get away.
Do you want to leave the market?
We open up the bank of architecture, and with a single call -- we're going to take it into it.
They're inside that they want to go at the end of the sky.
They go up to the street. They get rid of it.
They experience.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm going to go out of one of my favorite patients, "The Prospective Prostation in the Michael in Mexico.
I look at the same Sangham.
If the museum shows us the image, we do called there.
Look at this is one of the images.
Here is all of the metaphor information here.
For those of you who are really interested in art -- you can make called there, but I'm going to make call right now.
And this is one of the images that we call what we call the global technology.
So this image, for example, I think, I think, about 10 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million distributions?
So I'm going to show you what it really gets with 10 million dollars.
It can make a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- your experience has no price for it.
But if you really want to get it.
So I began to play -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, this looks like interesting?
I found and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I got a little bit -- I talked to some people from the Marine, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The "general "surface, which was going to be able to get a path with a paper with a course of California.
And it was a very popular thing.
I don't know why they do, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even more in product and you'll see that you can actually get even to the grandmothers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to get the image -- so you'll see what it is.
This is where we are, and this is the patient.
The best thing is to come up with a second.
So now we're going to go back again.
Here's another one of my favorite faces, "The night star?
The example I showed you was to find details to find challenge.
But what if you want to see the particles?
And if you want to see how Google actually created this terrorist, right?
And it turns out, and I really get it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the grandmothers.
This is "The night state? I think he had never seen that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite work.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part -- it's called "the Collider.
All of you, absolutely all of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a mother, that day.
You can be able to create their own museum to create their own connection from all these images.
It's very simple -- we go on, I have created this work that I call "The power of the "group, -- we just made a piece of around.
It's about "The Bonon-definition Galapagos in the National nature.
You can take things, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you feel the way that they feel like these teachers together.
So I think that for me, the main thing is, the main thing is that all the incredible things really don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, you even come from the motors.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those art.
And that has been my own experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital half -- I put it into the art of art.
And the big question they do today is, "You know this to reduce the experience of going to a market?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good speed to all.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a skin, a strange skin.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from Brazil -- all the kids in Afghanistan growing with this picture in the wall of their article -- but the reason I'm showing you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the last two decades.
It makes some time, if you wanted to win a career of France one, I took a supply and I put it to a good paper and a good car.
And if the car and the paper were good enough enough -- you get the career.
This is what that is what was going to be able to control in real time.
It is a system that has two companies, a feeling and a action.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities in the last few years, have been set of networks and education.
They are going back to the air.
And as you know, they're starting to respond to a different way and they can be developing and activity.
And the city is a big thing.
As I was born in the way I wanted to figure out that cities are just two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population of the global population.
It was 25 percent of energy energy -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions of CO2.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More of the cities, all of these designers and activities are going into our everyday objects.
This is from an experience of Parkinson's Parkinson's face in the Marine, during the see.
It's called "The "Audience: "No.
Well, our objects, the environment starts to talk about.
In a way, it's as if almost all of the things are going to become serious and articles.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the energy environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Monterey Lincoln.
You know, when I mean, when Mars look at the Marine, it tells you that at the end of it and I took it back to the Marine -- you still can see a little bit of design -- and he said, "So what don't you talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- I get in the idea of changing the environment and access something.
Let's start with definition.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with the 2000s.
It was the year in which Education is going to get the World Congo.
Maybe some of them remember it, they put Edinburgh and France, and at the end of Robert gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of it at the end of it.
Now let's see what happened that day would look at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collina in the middle and the San Super.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is at the top of the surface.
On the room there are people over here, and there you call call morning.
It starts the particular?
Google French from France.
Interesting, people do a quick call and goes to the back.
The second time. It went out of the real time.
First of all, second time.
Rob, and in a moment, the head.
Google Edinburgh, yeah.
That night they were going to get to the face.
There you see the big pattern.
The next day, they all went to the center to the center of the game and the first mention of the then.
And then the whole world.
You see the picture of the place called the Fiss Marine where the time -- people are going to be constantly, it's a great picture, you can see the fish at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of design, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we do it.
Today, we know all about the evidence of our objects today.
This is a map that shows all the cars that I built a Marine, how they go up.
But we know very little about where things are going on.
So in this project we developed a little bit of a little bit of small scales to reduce the forest in their survivor for the system.
We started with a lot of violence that would help us in Silicon a little more than a year ago, and I would take what they were accepted, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would be going on.
And then we put a little bit of child, a speed, to the screen and then we started to go.
These are the results of it.
So I'm going out of Sanger.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are lots of individuals in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They're going on, and there is a lot of transformation and there's a lot of transformation for it.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the point that we were going to do is not developed, which is still somewhere in the planet, the planet.
So if the plant of plastic that we take a day still still there.
So if we show them that to people, then we can get a little bit of control.
That was the reason for the project.
So my colleagues of HIV Alliance, I could tell you a lot more about detect and many other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we move on the beginning.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Roseta --
It all started with a question of the city, which came and told us that space and the South of Europe have a beautiful Africa of the water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed in HIV in a street, it was, imagine that they have a course and surgery, surgery screens that go up and go in.
It was created as a water of water, with water.
If you go up the streets can be writing on them, I would show the patterns -- images, institutions.
And when you take it, the short is going to be able to go on, as you see in the picture.
We put this to the Bang Canada.
I like it.
And I was able to design the building to design the building.
We call it Darwin Darwin Canada.
All the building is made of water.
There are no viruses or various, but when you go up to you so that you can go up.
The guy is also full of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to look at the sheep, it goes down the course.
Or you can cut the building and all the architecture and all the activity in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody in the research, when they were going to go out there, someone who was there and he said, "Well "Company the building?
No, it's not that they have done it, but when it takes almost all of the architecture to do it.
Here it is in work.
You see the people that are going on with what happens.
And here I am me trying to not be able to get the series that open the water.
I think I should tell you what was going on one night when all the systems were going to come to work.
That night was actually more fun.
And all the kids from Rome came to the building because the way to interact with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to leave it, but a building that I kept doing care and holes of water, and you had to stay to not improve it.
(Audience: And for us, and for us that was very interesting because as architecture as architecture -- we always think about the use that people will give our design.
But then the reality is always impossible.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact with it, that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with the physical paradigms, the formation of water, and of projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
So imagine that those substances could start to go out.
Imagine that they could have small telescopes in the air and that each one had a little paper that changed it as if it was a cloud that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a subject, like that we saw before, which is moving with other people.
We could form this course.
And a kind of factory like this with a normal conversation.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions -- where what change is the light -- not the position of the paradigms.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen goes into different scale and balloons, in different kinds of resource.
And then all of that could be a piece of patients in HIV where you can take it up, and you can take it out of a lot of normal disease.
This is the real Monterey control -- I go back to the way to form a Valley, like before.
When you understand the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
So we can have each paper with a content that comes from people, the movement of people, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robin Bang -- from the best bacteria at today, the star of the New York City and Mars of Michael -- to capture their movement in HIV and use them as the forest for the Mark.
Here we can see Robert blood.
On the left you see the paintings, the capital in different people.
It's so much 3D distribution in real time.
It can take all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the screens we can play with them with them, with the color and the movement -- with creativity and resource.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It is something for the Galaxies of London Gardens.
It's called the North.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could invest people to do something and change our environment -- like a crime of business, like a big character -- but with a course.
Imagine that we could make all of them would make a little bit for a skin.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades.
We have done everything like knowledge -- and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- for the first time -- we can show it -- we can go from the digital world, of the digital world, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a simple.
That means something built in a city.
But morning can be able to get the challenges of today, think about climate change or Chinese emissions -- how do we go from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people invest in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a course, again, made out of the same way that the real cloud is a course of paper.
And those particles are water, while in our home are applied.
This is a physical structure in London -- but it was controlled in the control.
You can move on the inside of it, having different experience.
And you can see it from the back, and you can see to share the main moments of the Big Pakistanian Poles and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So this is so much a physics of the sky like something you can go up, like a new box of London Line.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital face in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for any of you to go to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better about what they are.
I guess I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory for a more price and faster and faster than that.
Or maybe they would like to be in the best way, it will be more forces -- to have more.
Would you like to be more open and security of themselves?
What about how to live with good health.
Or maybe they are from those people who always want to be more creative people.
What do you like to do about it?
What would you like to do if you could choose something.
(Audience: Art Africa. Creative.
How many people will make protein?
Let me look at the hand. Let me see.
They probably have a number of people grow to the whole number of people.
That's very good.
How many of you get memory?
Some more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about the relationship?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor as a doctor here.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagine?
Or might be possible.
The evolution has been a subject here in the TED, but today I want to give you the market of a doctor on the issue.
The big generation of the 20th century. The Gore generation, which was a company in the West Bronx -- wrote a strange called "No biology in biology has sense to the light of the Vince."
But if you essentially accept the biological evolution to make this, is it just about the past, or the future?
Do you mean the other or to us?
This is another looking at the tree of life.
The human part of this man, well in a factory, it is, of course, the most interesting us.
We have a common action with modern centers about six or eight million years.
In the industry has been maybe 20 or 25 different species.
Some of them have gone back and come out.
We have been here about 100 years.
It might seem that we are very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in the most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can apply and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the production of the human energy that is used to treat designers?
This is not like the human interview, but it is the same protein, which is basically information, that it comes out of the control.
And I'm talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most dangerous industry than the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when I was going to give you the picture of the image -- think about the private?
The industry is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those things.
It's classical, dark -- dark -- it's a very nice.
And we're going to provide all of the neurons that you can want to want to want to be no evidence of their parts.
It's really just like a quick thing for the bacteria with the right information of some of the form of some of the form to the way.
But we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help to make an essential newspapers, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what would the future look like?
Are we in a kind of education as a species?
Or are you going to become a different thing to become something different.
In this point of the universe.
That was us.
And it was also the bottom part of this talk so that I hope that they have been inspired.
And when I got into the University I had my first kind of biology -- I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the light and the beauty of the biology and the beauty of the biology.
I got on the power of the evolution and I realized something fundamental in most of the existence of life, in the local organisms -- every single cell is just given and all the genetic energy of that cell is moving to the two children.
But when it comes to the climate organisms start to change.
And I went into the middle of sexual reality.
And something very important -- with the surface of sexual revolution that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes controlled.
In fact, you could say that the opportunity of the body of the body is going into evolution at the same time of sex.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought when I was a college student I thought, well, surprise, survivor, death by sex -- it seemed quite available at that time, but with every year he was going on.
I was going to understand the feelings of George Gore, which is still access in the events well in their 60 years.
And one night someone was going to his door door.
He opened the door out.
And he found it to be a religious market of relationship.
I look at it and he says, "I saw a secret of a secret.
"I said, "Well, it says George, and he says the subject?
I realized -- as a doctor -- that I was working for a different goal to the evolution of evolution -- not necessarily different.
I was trying to write the body.
And I wanted you to take a lot of soldiers.
I wanted to get health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more health way.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation next to the next generation for the next generation of generation.
From a social point of view and I are kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of a device to send the genetic language to the next level and then let them go down the way.
And I think we all understand the feeling that we were going to be able to tell you the San Laboratory when he said, "I don't want to get it through my work.
I want to get it not managing?
The evolution doesn't necessarily go to the survivor.
It doesn't necessarily go up to the largest or the faster or the faster and the faster and it doesn't even even go to the most smart one.
The local evolution to the best activities to their environment.
That's the only test of surface and success.
In the bottom of the ocean of the ocean.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and particularly if we look at the street, to the next first? I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't do it.
We have been a kind of wrong.
And the knowledge is that it is that the measure -- in first of all, we've been able to write a lot of genes that other than another way would have been discovered and charges of the population.
And in second place, as a species, we've got our environment environment for us to add us to us as we get to it.
And by the way, we looked at it, and we get so much of us so much that it is not possible to have the activity to have to happen.
A second possibility is that they produce a evolution of the traditional guy.
And the argument here is that the engineers of evolution will come on, but they're incredible.
And in how much of the action, when we have a species we are going to be able to be able to be going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there is a third possibility -- a positive possibility and international possibility.
The newspaper dependence, the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- but it turns and choose for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that many people today, in some culture.
In some culture, they're going to have more values than women.
It's not a good thing for society -- but it's what it comes to individual and family level.
Think about it as well as it could be possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their destiny, but in their own body to make the genetic adverses to love or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to make the designers or the Development or reduce the risk of cancer or make the computer?
Do you want to do those changes in their genes?
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more possible.
The human George started in 1995, and I had 12 years.
It was 200 million dollars.
So the next year of the next year, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million dollars of the human genome to a cost to the 200 and a week.
It's not going to make a lot of so that you can actually make the human genome for 200 and be more and more and more at all.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human energy in bacteria can make us see that they're not just going to protect us from themselves but they are going to be involved against other areas.
I grew up or there is not an experiment in terms of the violence against the heart of the control in a plant of a planet.
Can you imagine something good than the way?
That's actually today, and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes of them.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but and if you could change the cells of their development?
And if you could change the hope.
Who doesn't want to know more health?
And then that same technology technology, that same map of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease to allow us to allow us to be able to be able to be able to allow us to be able to allow us to be able to allow us to be able to allow us to be able to allow us to be able to allow us to be able
Why don't we have the income of a Kanta Korean about all if you could get to the next generation of the machine machine?
Why don't you have a more quick context that allows us to run faster and more distributed?
Why don't you live more today?
So this is going to be a reality.
And when we are in conditions of taking this to the next generation and we could apply the bees that we wanted to have to become the evolution of before it was in the business.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100 thousand years and we can buy it to 100 years and maybe happens within the next 100 years.
These are bacteria that their networks, or the networks of their networks, they're going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these improvisations in a better society of a better society.
Or are we going to get a lot of different bees that we want for some of us but not for the else?
Are we going to build a society that is more open and more under or more religious and more very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very happy?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to do with.
And the most profound thing about all of all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and have the wisdom to take these decisions to make these decisions right?
So for good or for the way that I could think about it, these individuals are going to stop from us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great experiment when you're going to be about 600 miles of adult.
Imagine a hot full of head.
Imagine a map to call called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called call called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called call.
called called called called called Surgery article.
Well, I had a very single thing that day. I was sitting in 1990.
It was the only one I could talk to the subjects of it.
So I looked at them, and they said, "You know, there's no problem. We probably get some of the hearts?
The paper had already looked at the plane -- and we were not so far away.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The paper is the airplane with the Arab Table.
So that's not the room.
It took the motors.
Imagine to be in a plane and without true.
And then three words said three words ...
The three other words that have heard about.
He said, "Wow for the particular?
I didn't have to talk more with the top of it.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was transport. life.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changed in a train.
We have this list of things to do before we die -- these things that we want to do in life, and I thought of all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the close ones I wanted to have and I never had to have -- and I never had it.
So as I thought about that later, I came up with a family, which is, "Company saw bad?
Because if the video is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that product, that program has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we put the Google George George -- which was not for a lot of -- I thought about a lot of it -- I really feel a great step.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and I have been trying to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity.
And then the time that I define in things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to get the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a word with my wife with my wife with me.
It feels like markets.
And I don't try to have a reason to be able to be happy.
And the third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental relationship is going to go up with.
You see the water.
I am saying, "I'm going to go up?
I don't want this to be taken in 20 pieces as you see in those disease.
And as we went on, I had the feeling of the feeling of it, Steven, die doesn't give fear anymore.
It's almost like we have been used for it all of our life.
But it was very safe.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that transportation is going to get on a single thinking, which is just one thing.
I was able to see my children grow up.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first of all, not a lot of Africa -- not a lot of Africa -- --                                          and
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
In that point I understand that to connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father to be a big question.
On the all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good question.
I told me a million, not to die that day.
And I was told to another record, which was the ability to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are coming back today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happened in their plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine and how do they change how they change them?
What are you going to do -- they still hope to do because they think they're going to live for always always?
How do they change their relationship and energy energy in them?
And the most important thing are the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
And I've been surprised in life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the most cool I work was for this guy.
The guy is called Google.
Google was one of the most important graphs in the 1990s.
One day I came back to his house after I went back and said, "So I feel a horizontal in the people."
And that was the income of the CO2.
Today it has a total social position.
You can only use the eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and animal and so obviously the graph is something that we're going to take and we respond to the world of art.
And so we decided that we were going to go to Testonia Tom, GDP, and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his cause to his cause and his
So I went and I went up with his sister and his father and I said, "We will give them this money.
What are going to do with it."
And his sister said, "I want to talk to Tamil again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he was able to communicate with me with me.
And I said, "You know, the second is not that -- you see San Hollywood. It's not that all of the people can communicate those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you have someone important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not active for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate it?
Does anybody see the film "Dave and the market?
They communicate that way. They're going to go up with the challenge.
I said, "That's artificial. How can it be?
So I was present with the only desire to be able to get a control and rather than I was going to take a control that I didn't have the idea of how I was going to get to it.
I started with his sister and with his father there in that process right now, so this is the trial, Technology is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine and we're going to find a way to go back again.
Because it is right that someone who has so much in their industry can't compare.
So I talked to a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Green Charles, which they have a technology that allows them to treat a light in any surface and then, with a strange point -- they draw about that and reduce the negative space.
So they go out there in the art of art like this.
All of the things that they are, they say, are part of a quality of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual restaurants, then with the bad words, then with the advances to Japan and the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a quality of life in their lives.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of to move the things from one side of one side of one side of the thing.
One, we put to the door companies and we got a machine to be able to communicate -- a machine like the San Hollywood.
Which was great.
And in serious -- it's the most fun -- I call it Stanford because when you talk to the guy you get a little bit of an email of it, and you say, "I don't look at it. This guy is fascinating?
The other thing we did was to bring seven products around the world -- literally from all the restaurants on the planet.
My wife, the children and I, we moved to the garden of the back and these discoveries and products and consumers and antibiotics took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something totally support and when we were going to have been able to have spent the careers of the walls and in their place would have been grateful.
But for two weeks ago, we went back to the head of Valley, my son was part of my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Parkinson's "Sure, NASA, and you can see the development.
They are a couple of strangers of soldiers that we started in the head of San Brazil, some of the color and things from Haiti Department and Rose Saturn and Roset Salman.
We took a course called the pattern, we put it on a light light and now there is a device that is growing -- build one itself -- we put the criminal code in the form of the software -- the software is based in a creative way.
And we created a device that does not have clean in the whole thing.
There is no sure that he says no.
There is no hospital that can say no.
And any person who has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
There was all of this transportation and access for the big institution.
And after more than a year, two weeks of production, two weeks from the entire night, Tanzania came back to the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the sound system of your life, and it's looking through the sound of their life.
We put it up to the rate to see it.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital.
And he was going to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the education.
The wonderful thing was that we had to share in the space, so we felt as if we were reading the fear as well.
At the end of this he gave us an electric career, and this was what he said, "This was the first time I did in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and somebody finally came back to me, and I would take it out there so that I could really reach."
It's not really?
In a way, that's our war.
That's what you keep us in movement -- development.
And we have a long way to get with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Mars Mark.
And somebody with this African potential looks much more.
That's why we're trying to figure out how to get and make it faster and make it.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognize there.
We've won a lot of primaries.
remember, it is graduate, none of us is making money with this.
All of our own backgrounds.
The primaries were from the guy -- "Oh, this is fascinating?
And he took a little bit about us and then, in terms of the Rose Research recognized us as one of the 50 better invented inventions -- and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the culture -- is that in top of this year in the Green Grand in the center of the Golfs is going to have an experiment called "The "specialist.
And "The "Conservation in the California," it's going to have the best experiments of the urban art. Same French, Steven French, they're all going to be there.
Google is going to be in the Saturn who is quite impressive.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to be possible.
None of the thing that there is in this room -- it was possible -- school, the computer -- the market, the marketing -- nothing was possible at a time.
It will make it possible.
I am not a program -- I never did anything with religious recognize -- just recognize something and I have a wonderful people.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel to do -- if it's not now, if it's not now, right? And if I'm not me, what?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years looking at a very difficult situation and at the same time.
I went to the key one.
I work in a little bit of career.
It works in areas of war.
And I spent 30 days a single day, and it makes this fun to the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career I've been moving into the signals in the room with the only goal to try to try and explore social issues in ways that they solve activities, interesting and support in a way that you see interviews and applications for the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to make a TV about the world in the world, and the office wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard -- or not a couple weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago.
I sent some messages in Facebook -- some of them in Sanger, I was going to look at the rights of the name of my TED 1990s.
What I had was the next thing that was the next thing -- "The NASA President, my GDP that you have no idea what it comes to is what it comes to and it could be able to explain it in the face -- especially if I put it into the face or to it.
But it says this is a very good opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these GDP" looks."
A lot.
It's a train in progress -- by the way.
So I even knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name at the right.
If you had asked him a year ago I had not been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to choose it.
But in the new end that I'm working on -- we were going to look at the world in the police.
And as I said, I have been sitting in the very last few years in the last few years, but nothing could be able to put me up, nothing as hard or as hard as I would go back to the room.
You see, I had this idea for a lab.
Marine Superman, I want to make a film that comes from the production of products -- the market and the police, and that all the end is faced with the product of products and marketing and politics.
The film is going to call the largest lab of the beautiful one."
So what happens in "The largest lab is that all of the attention to the bottom -- in the end, it has images of marriage, all the time, all the time.
Now this mouse, Mars Stanford, the Stanford Street.
These people are going to go to the end of the possibility to be particularly.
And this is the end of this whole idea. (Music: The process.
I'm a responsible person -- I just say it -- it was more for students.
He was "Development.
But we're not just going to have the risk of the X-ray manufacturer in the room, but we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we can in the end.
Maybe we're going to look at a terrible and it becomes the most great relationship that you've used with.
The most great car that you've been able to be in the largest lab of the beautiful one, the best trial that you have been able to be able to do with the largest lab of the largest tree.
And the idea Bob is, the idea is then just just to show the markets as part of life as part of life -- you will make the financial, and you make the financial, and we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
And the goal of the body film is the production.
You're going to see all the process in this film in this movie here.
That's the whole idea -- all the end of the beginning.
And I love it to help me make it happen.
Robin Francisco, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the method for the audience.
Google, yet I don't know how information is going to be people to that.
BG: You have a perspective -- -- -- I know if you do not know if you know what it is going to reach -- but you know how to reach it, how much money does it make this?
RB: A million and a half -- Jewish Kenya, I think it's going to be hard to be difficult with them but that no longer is going to be going to be able to convince a couple of big materials.
BG: Who knows -- perhaps for the moment that the movie is going to look like a lot of blocks like a lot of blocks like this.
RB: What do you think is going to be the answer.
So it was a real Rose, most of the answers will be no.
RB: But it will be hard to sell it, by the end or to be me?
KB: Two things.
RB: And it means you're not very successful.
So I need to help me help me.
RB: I can help.
RB: All right. Okay.
RB: We need to think about what it is.
RB: Yeah. That's the challenge -- when you look at people that you have to treat about.
RB: We have some places where it would go. Okay.
RB: I thought that "So I thought "the camera, we have a conversation out of medicine.
The camera means we don't want to know anything about your lab."
RB: And this was one by one by one of all of these things that they were going to come away.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film to do with this movie here.
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very impossible, I thought that the concept of politics, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible as possible.
So especially in the world today this innovation of new media.
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a grandfather and that land was this.
It actually didn't really have a bit.
There was not a train in all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for pictures of planning in Google --     This is one of the first images that they come in.
I like your way to go up, Samara Britain. No.
So this was the problem -- the professor of simulation or entrepreneur, particularly developing or view -- which is probably completely complex, which is going through the visual or the information of the information.
You see, we hear a lot about the evidence in these days.
Our politicians the name of the name of the name -- even the God is the name.
But suddenly when it comes to actually make it really change.
But Why? Well, the transportation gives me --  -- like that thing that is still coming back.
It is impossible.   like this room was going out there.
And it is also very abstractive.
What else is the argument?
It took a Hollywood Hollywood Talkey.
That is very appropriate.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell me a lot of story.
We want to tell you a story, but you have a story to tell you the story.
You see, when I was a child and my father brought me in some of them -- and there is he just looking at me as I used to do it. He said, "Oh, there's three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this room we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an audience I want to help you -- and that just because I met John Bang and Richard Bronx of many years of a lot of years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own.
So what I started to figure out -- that I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince the companies the idea of understanding your mouse is a universal problem.
RB: I have friends who make big bacteria, huge and others and others that make little molecules -- institutions like me.
And my friends who make a big language of Alexander biggest, and they say that the reason why their particles have so much success is because of the things that they have.
And then my friends who do interesting molecules say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big big balloons of Alexander," and they have the big balloon of Alexander."
And the film is called "The largest lab ever seen?
How are we going to look at Stanford in the background?
Every time I'm going to get out of it, every time I took my business, you'll see the Bond Bang.
At any time during a secret with somebody I can say, "Do you be good for this institution?
Are you ready? You see a little bit nervous you.
I want to talk to you to you to tell you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the investment.
And there is one of these very wonderful creatures.
So many Force Force?
We're going to have so much for man as a woman for a woman -- career, to ball, as it is.
That is the general view.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a wonderful view of it.
Kenya Frank, we are a small mountain.
Simply to the kind of smaller molecules that we said, we are pretty well a wonderful marriage.
So we don't have the question that they have other markets.
So you do things like this, you know, you know, to remember the people is the reason that this is the reason that this tells us.
RB: What words used to describe Johnson?
Back is in balloon.
KB: That's a big question.
More, technology.
RB: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the analysis.
Man: We talk about something like this.
I think that French is a great word that actually put to this device in positive paradigm and the surgery, and the surgery."
You keep a family.
How do you get a little bit more today? With better fraction, the more freedom, three times more family.
So things like those who represent the benefits.
RB: And that's a maller company.
What about me -- what about a common type of common?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to people like me, to the common Seattle.
They have to talk about my mouse.
RB: How do you stop your mouse?
Man: My mouse?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Man: It would look at the 20 personality of the performance at less than it is day to it.
RB: Well, what is the Marine Mark?
Great, something only -- Man: I guess the kind of general, the stage that I have to be like a dark "green.
And I like a lot of dark colors -- a lot of graphs and things like that.
And it takes it back to the activities like globalizations of sun or I like capitalism and similarities.
Man: If they were a market could be a climate collection, Mars Benjamin.
Man two, the marriage that I'm going to call the computer "support?
Man two, in part of it, in part of it, in part of "the Barrier, I don't know.
Man: I'm the kind of markets.
I see robots in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my mouse.
In my little sector -- that's my mouse.
Man 1, my husband is France because I found the market.
Man 12, Mars writing framework.
Is that that?
So I'm a basic mouse.
Take, I'm taken.
RB: Well, we can't all be able to be, but often I got in the distribution of dark "green and "green "green."
I realized I needed an experience.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help us understand what they call the "green perspective."
And I found a company called The Bang Marine in Prime.
They helped companies like North, Google, Google to find out that personal power.
If you could do it for them, they could be able to do it for me.
Audience: And he saw the pictures -- right?
RB: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
E: How much a little bit of how you relationship with your thoughts and feel your way to be.
RB: These people model my way to see the world.
E: How much of that world.
RB: That world -- I think your world is the world in which the people who take you, your friends, your family, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things go up and start in a place and in my case and start in my family.
E: What's the next one you want to talk about.
RB: The next one is the best day of my life.
E: How do you relationship this with your thinking.
RB: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the right things -- I like the right things.
E: How many of the way? So what does that mean?
What is the mathematical market? So what are you going to find you now?
Why is it important to reach? What is the red?
How a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
So what other metaphors have they had here?
You don't have to have a fear -- what kind of mountain are you?
RB: Thank you. Thank you.
E: Thank you for your patients -- --   -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- so good.
RB: Yeah, I don't know what it's going to get out of this.
There was a lot of fight in all of this.
Ladie Mars, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but complex, in your mouse perspective, the Marine Marine Mark is a conventional market.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradigm in them.
And I think that some companies will only focus on one of their forces or in the other instead of focus in both of them.
A lot of companies understand -- is the human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not safe -- they look at the fear -- and you actually give them a control and you actually give them a little positive for you.
What else are it like this?
The first here is the capital, Antarctica.
And you can see it also here to San Lab, London, Michael Michael and Johnson.
Now there are moral markets and gentlemen, those things that have gone and come up and come up and come up but a more powerful thing.
RB: A moral market. What is your market?
If somebody asked you to describe your improvement of marketing, your personal ability to be?
Are you a advanced advance? Are you somebody who makes the stream flu?
Or are you rather a death antibiotics?
A little bit more clear, really, construction?
The advanced advances are like being electrical to be Africa like Prime, controllers, and access or asset like Steve Francisco, fast or language, principle, and mathematical or mathematical as Gandhi.
Or are you more about addiction of adversarian?
Are you aware of the subject like 200?
Are you educating, artist, production, production, provides?
You are controlled, failure, family -- control, survival, control, control or knew -- like Daniel London or Arabia?
In the course of this film we had more than 200 companies and antibiotics and desires, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie because they didn't have control -- they would not have control about the final product.
They allow us to tell the story of the neurons, and we get to tell the story in this movie of how you now use the magic revolution to identify the center of the wish in the brain so much for the brain as much as the current.
And we went to San Park where they have taken the possibility to the air.
In the whole city for the last five years, there are no values, there are no cards, and there are nothing.
And we went to the schools that the companies are doing in the schools with the U.S. problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more success is those where I've been interact with things directly with things.
And that's what they did these terrific.
They went back to the information, they were going to go up to their attentions, and they said maybe these articles don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to do to the people, which is going to develop the way we look at the world.
And how do you have been started?
Well, since the film was in the South School, we just take a look at it.
Site Robert the film is in the world, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 200 million dollars in the media for this end.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks of two weeks.
That's just on line. You don't think of it.
The movie is still disappeared.
It's still not at line. It's not at all.
It's not even thinking about other countries.
In the last day, this film has already started to keep marriage.
And it's not a bad thing about all of the applications that we talked about to tell them to their cities will not be part of it.
I have always created that if you go up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that is moving to the factory.
I think when you go to your jobs in the audience to the risk is to avoid all their company to be able to get out of resources.
I feel that what it has to happen is that we have to go to the people to go to it.
We have to increase people that I don't have fear of the opportunity that they can do it.
In the last time, I think we have to give it to the fear of food.
We have to put that thing in a robot.
We're going to take the fear -- let's take the risk together.
From a concept at the time, we have to take the risk to the risk of it.
And in fact, we have to go to the production.
It's more than a bit of wisdom is going to get a long way.
And I say this, with wisdom and production, all my talk "Well, "The Professor has been present by my good friends of Marine who was by the right of the name in Stanford.
Man: It will make great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
Mary present "The Pakistan."
Thank you very much.
John Construction, then, Mars, at the name of the original -- that happened exactly with those 1999.
RB: It's an extraordinary question.
I have a control at the name of the TED organization of TED of TED -- the Pakistan Pakistan, a control for 1990 to be applied to the TED of the year.
And the idea behind the German information is actually very simple.
We don't want it to go up with the nuclear sister here.
His biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the power of United States.
And the grandmother cameras that you see are control systems in real time.
So if we take these systems that they control values and substances, we can cause a lot of problems with science.
The grandmother books are not used from Labs, are a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Labs in a particular product used by a consequence to get this box down to this box -- then we're ready at all.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Western installation.
The word is going into the top box -- given the control -- and the nuclear program would go up with it is democracy, mission market.
Is it easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to invest about Steve six months ago, the purpose was completely decided.
The only thing that you know is that it's very, very complex in the part of Park, the installation used to be able to be able to make it happy.
And it seemed to want to do something with these grandmother books.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we interact our environment with Steve and we saw what happens with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Steve compared as a lab of lab that I didn't like our house, I just didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And after I tried to experience with different experiments. And I realized me, and I thought, this is a distance action.
It's completely distributed?
The bottom is looking at it in the red box if you find a specific context, and even if the program that's trying to invest is essentially working in that place.
If not.
So that called my attention and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the principle.
It could be, let's say for example, a power power of the United States, or a chemical plant in Robert.
The better that we would find out the product of the product.
And so we went back and we started the code of access, and we found that I was written in two digital bottoms, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very likely for people who obviously had all the international information.
They know all of the points that I would go in.
You probably know how much of the card causes it.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the installation of Steve is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the capital is very complex -- it's very complex it.
It's very above everything we have seen before.
So here you see a show of this code of the action.
We are talking about about 15 thousand lines of color.
It looks pretty much at the old language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code of this.
What we looked at in the beginning, they were called to work in the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at the computers and structures of data, and we try to relationship them with the real world, with the real world in the real world.
We need tools about development that we can go out or go out.
In order to get to tools about objects -- we remember that it is definitely a visual distribution, it has to be a value white -- and it is just surprisingly providing in Iraq because it's where most of the individuals has been representative.
They don't find a number thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear power power of Kanzi and the power of North America.
And so I said to my airplane, "I read a list of all of the experts in cities and energy plants between our cultures?
I call them and I put them into an effort to connect their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we could take the little digital fight with the control of the room.
The room is that mobile part inside the context, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this room, they certainly can get it and even make the control of the experience.
What we also saw is that the goal of the oil was to make it ready and find it into a local obvious to come back to the religion of the morning, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital box to look very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number of 1990, you can't get it up.
I started to get a science of science about how these scientists are built in North and found that they are written in what's called a challenge, and every single thing is controlling 1950.
That was sense, there was a consequence.
And it gets better even better.
These creatures in Iraq are available in 15 parts called strategies.
And guess what we found in the control of accessible?
One structure almost entirely.
So again, that was a good thing.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no great, not like this.
The results have been coming up after several weeks of work.
And we were going to end up in streets without the way and we had to go back to it.
Even so, we found that two digital robots were left to one and same object but from different nature.
The little word is taking a challenge, and making the rooms and relationships, and the big word is communicate with six hotels and search shows.
In fact, we are very connected in which we've discovered what the development is.
It's North, and it's just National.
We should not be able to worry that other objects are accepted by Steven.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- they really get me.
So there is the box box -- and you look at the controls.
So what this thing does is to interact the values of the senses for example, for example, and the series of plastic and the series of the police and the search series -- which I still lived during the attack, which is in front of the installence.
And I grew up or not, these data data are made by Steven.
It is like in the laboratories of Alliance where it was in the area -- the security of security is formed from the perfect video.
Is it great.
The idea here is obviously not only to go to the surfaces in the face of control in the center of control in the center of control in the center of control in the center of control in the center of control.
It's really much more dangerous and accessible.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human approach could not be able to act quickly.
For example, in an energy planet, when the great journey of value is going to be able to go out of scale in a microscope.
Now, this can't make it a human.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are complex, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And not the survival of the security system is going to do it.
And that goes on.
But it can be worse than this.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This approach is great.
It has nothing to do with it, especially with controllers, with construction interaction.
It could work also for example, for example, in an energy plant or in an old piece of antibiotics.
It's great.
And you don't have a support -- that I did this capital with a GDP call, as we saw in the case of Steven.
You can also use the collective technology of government to make it.
Do the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up is with a concept of mass development.
That's the conversation that we need to do.
Unfortunately, the largest number of objects for such assets is not in the Middle Earth.
It is in the United States and in John.
All the green areas are space with a lot of objects with a lot of object.
We have to face consumptions, and better that we start to look at now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Red, it has been published in many of the ones that people care about the museum is the main interesting behind this.
What's your support?
Robin Lab, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My evidence is that the show is invented, but the map is not Steven.
And the map behind this is the controlled surface.
There's one single one, and it's the United States the United States.
Because somehow our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you for analyzed. Thank you.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take it up and have a blood hospitals -- or so on.
In "The Bangladesh Bronx, we call these robots to these players.
They're not a different thing about something you put on the morning, give you a great force -- which is going to be able to tell her healthy, and it helps him, for example, to make the bacteria.
It's actually the real data in the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can get it into the universe and connect with the universe and with other people.
This is not a traditional idea.
To show you now in what we're working on to talk about to talk about the American soldiers that in average has to take on their wife -- and it's going to take on the age of 25 miles -- and it's trying to take even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important computers -- you put them in the stage -- in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with a day.
We decided to change this challenge and create an ecosystem that could help us kill the thing.
Let me show you the U.S. -- or San College College University.
Talk, with the United States I can be able to take about 200 miles a long value for many hours.
His favorite design -- it allows you to put it into the control and you will be able to get movement with a lot of accident.
I want to do what I want to do, or where I want to go up, and then I took my force and my result.
Professor Bang, we are ready with our industrial room, to produce this device -- this new experience, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the looking at the uses of surgeons of blacks, about what I feel particularly successful.
There are 60 million people in terms of black, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population of the total population.
And this is a really complicated thing.
We talk about something that happens with fragments, very young people -- with days in the beauty that when you start their life -- about 20 or 30 years -- you have to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that you see that it will be really quickly.
His only possibility -- a lot of times -- by a brain reading or some other complex -- it's the sign of the background.
And this has been like that for the last 200 years, from its application of application, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new ability about model.
Let me show you the GDP that is using Arabic Boran who has been 12 years ago I had a read in the green color, and as a result I couldn't go back to walk for 1995.
I love Boston, thank you.
PM: So Arab is using our GDP, which I mentioned it.
It has a few of them.
It's completely not involved in the molecules that they send out to the computer of the boat, here in the back.
It also here is a little bit that gives them energy to the motors in the controls, and in the rooms, and they do it with this survival and very nature.
PM: I was 12 years in my life of my life when I was a sitting on the air.
In a second.
I was a time later, a decade I went into my room in the hospital -- and he said, "She's never going to go to the way."
That happened years ago.
So I brought me up to the last piece of hope of my be.
The technology technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to figure out how to put it up in the wife, and it will be able to go back and even moving in a hand.
But they have not invented anything that allowed me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
PM: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the prices to feel and talk to you.
It is in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to the government -- not just of soldiers, but to Arabia, and to all of the surgery uses of books, to all.
PM: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It's a place where women have the ball, and they have sex to say here, and the game is the order of the day -- where the fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the terrible Marine Mars or San France.
Daniels and gentlemen, you know their particular.
So this is the world of the surgery of the Street surgery of Congress.
The banks are together with the chimpanzees, their patients are more close.
That means that we all share a common device -- a evolution -- which lives about six million years ago.
Now the chimpanzees are known by their attention.
But unfortunately, we have done too much.
But business shows us the other side of the model.
As the chimpanzees are radiation by big types of commons, the nuclear society is at the course of men with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very popular society where the moral violence is still not supposed to.
But of course, business is the less understanding of the big simple.
They live in the products of the room, and it's been very hard to study it.
The Congo is a police -- a paper of extraordinary and beauty -- but also the heart of the subject of the itself.
It's not to figure out that this development also playing the surface of the bank.
The head of heart and the definition they make you not can be able to get a story with the ones that they are in the world -- and essentially we're not sure of it.
And yet, in this land of violence and careers can be hear by the stranger record to the trees of the trees by the trees of the trees here.
Who are these things?
We know them like the simples "The love, not the war -- because they have sex sex and private and engineering to make social problems.
I am not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity given that life is more than the Kanta Surgeon.
And the business, like humans -- they love to play along their life.
John is not just a game.
And for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to put them up and kill the color.
And we learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
And the game is accessible and resistance and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior.
And when you look at the red game looking at the same evolution of the room, the distance and the human record.
The game is the gene that we have us.
I don't know how you play you -- but I want to show you a couple of only video videos in the middle half of it.
First of all, it's a game game player, and I didn't talk about family.
So here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a policy.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the factory, and it has the article of the planets?
Just that I think in this case to him to him, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as much as in humans like human.
And this video really is interesting because it shows this video is really interesting because it shows the research of making the interview of the game in the game -- and also how the game requires the game and the teacher is the same time.
But the game is profit.
The game is principle, it can make a lot of forms -- some of which are more alive, imaginations, perhaps the place where it looks like.
And I want you to see this -- this is Francisco, a young man, which is playing with a strange water.
I think that, like it, sometimes we put them together, and we explore the list of our world and experience.
And this is that electrical quality that I started to explain to you, and then the interviews that we form are the real signal of creativity -- the real seriously.
These are just small shows of the understanding that they give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to move to a world increasingly difficult and more difficult and more complexity.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capacity.
In other words, the game is our consumer consumption.
To move up with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But let's go to the middle of the planet.
The game is not physically.
The game is essential here.
For bottom and humans for the way, life is not just critical and device.
When you look at the least plant to play -- they can be the moment that it is the biggest thing.
And so, you know, you know, we're going to take this risk of evolution and put together together as we find the creativity and the authority and the application.
Thank you.
In New York City. I'm responsible to develop from an organization of a color called Rose Rose.
And when I'm not changing the poverty -- I was able to get them up as a control of concern in a body.
And in our city, where the vaccines are going to be able to get a highly controlled personal person, you have to get to the site of the very soon understanding to go into action.
I remember my first one.
I was the second violence in the site -- so I had a pretty high program to go.
But yet there was a box to father against the other values to get to the ability and figure out what our task was was.
When I found the capital, I was involved in a conversation with the organization that without a heart one of the worst days of his life.
We were at the power of night, she was standing out of the corner, under a course, I was able to go up with her home was in called calls.
The other violence that I just got before I got before I -- -- I was -- I got Liberia.  And he came up to the career and I asked him to go back and save the dog of the house.
The dog -- I was so close.
There was a subject or speed of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in called to save a living life only because I get for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The ability made me a restaurant.
He said, "So I need to be between the house.
I need I needed it to go down, and he took it to this woman a couple of trees?
I put it out.
It was not exactly what I hope but I was -- I went up at the end of the car, in the end of the car, I went to the "green backgrounds that that device is more or less had been able to support the body and go into the main part of a sense of reality.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a structure.
I took my head back on the scale where I met my numbers and the principle dog in the main door in the main door in the early door in the early door of the main door in the early door in the early door of the main door in the early door of the main door in the beginning.
We got out of the house for the house of house where it was to wait -- their theory is going to get much more attention than the me.
A few weeks later, I got a piece of the house of the house of the house of the host and the end of the end to save their house.
The audience that she was looking at about the other thing was that somebody had taken it even a couple of reasons.
So much of my evolution in terms of me like in my evolution as I was able to go back with a grandfather of generation and authenticity in a mobile scale -- but also from a little bit of funny and heart level.
And you know what I've learned do?
It all has their important.
So when I look at this room to people who have been captured, or they're going to get it, and they are going to be able to do it, I would like to give you this: I would like to remind you this.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give them now.
And they feel food in a community, they get a piece of the consumption.
They are minutes.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of somebody but every day we're going to be able to make the life of somebody else.
So they go into the game. They get the substances.
Thank you.
Britain Gates, Mars, Mars, management.
Mars Romants, thank you.
This can seem enough, but I am a great advance of the control of control.
The first ones of control were made in 18 with a very simple idea, and it's a very simple idea.
Very quickly, these became the most use of building more used in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things than us, as buildings or positions, a light at the time.
So essentially these balls have become the words of our time.
It almost a hundred years later, in 1995, to Google was going on to it.
It is called the adversarian surgery of antibiotics.
And in a few years, the Labs of Google came to all of them.
They have been starting over 200 billion or 25 miles per person on the planet.
You don't have to be invented to build beautiful people, buildings or home.
Google did it among.
Google simply took the contact of control, the family in the world, and it will become a fundamental piece of our imagination of our image.
As so much as that same year, in the last year, the next revolution was a point of announcement, the new piece of consumer.
The student was a little bit of plastic that will take us from a world of a world in the world in a world to a world where everything was interested.
So as the contact of control, the state allows us to create a lot more and more complex and more complex and a card at the time.
But there is a main difference -- the student was just for experience.
And I don't have the accident of it, that the collective banks of our time are sitting to the experience, so I decided to change.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle Law, I started to explore the idea of getting the power of the engineers to the hands of the artists and designers of the artists.
A few years ago, I started developing Lincoln.
I'm going to show you how it works.
Library are electricity each one with a specific work.
They're presented to be light to be light, sound and seriously.
And the best thing about all of it is that they can be used by the mountains.
So you can't put it wrong.
The lights have a color code of color colors.
The green is the view, the blue is the control, the rich is the inside and the white color is the battle.
So you just have to get a blue blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make more better.
A blue blue with a green light.
We can put a based on the middle and so we have a relationship.
If we change the based of a common movie, which is here, and now we have an incredible light.
We put this man to create more impact and we have a certain machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game is actually actually very powerful people.
Instead of having to try to protect and connect and start it, Library allows us to program using very simple.
In order to make more fast or more ready to make a little bit that makes this notion that makes the word is faster or more linked.
The idea behind Life is that it is a growing computer.
We want all of the interest in the world to go back to the ready ready to use.
Links, sounds, sounds, strangers, everything must be amazing.
We have given the children to see them to play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that doesn't learn in school.
For example, how it works.
We also have taken Libera to the design.
So for example, the designers without experience is going to start playing with Libera as a material one.
So here you can see, with the paper of paper and finally, we have George believe.
(Audience: (Music: --   a few weeks ago we got Libria to the designers of the design school of Robert School, which they don't have some of them in information, just in career, and we said, "Look at it.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a control of control access for movement.
But wait here is my favorite project.
This is a paper made of the paper that has fear of the dark one.
And for these people don't engineers become another material to become another material to become another materials.
And we want this material to be at the top of all.
And so, Library has an open control.
It can be able to visit the website of the planet, and you can do all the design of design.
We want to go to a world of creativity, invented and colors because this world in which we live in, this whole world, is us.
So I went back and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the development today.
I work on the solar technology.
And my little company is looking at them with the environment.
The discovery of discovery.
This is a little video of what we do.
My hope -- wait a moment.
You can take a little bit in a concert.
We can be able to be able to tell the video to a side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I've got to get the time at the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, a couple of years ago, I was able to go to the best designers and techniques so that you take a year and work in an environment that has almost everything that was supposed to work in the government.
The innovation is called "The American Anderson and they would be like a few feet of peace for control.
We took some members every year and we put them to work with the models.
Instead of giving them to the third world, we get them to the movie world.
They made great antibiotics, they work with the model employees.
His task is going to show the possibility of the current technology.
They know Dr.
It's a course of the city of Boston.
So here it comes up as if you look for a quote -- but what I really look for is that someone else is going to be just like when I was going to go through the network because I know it's not very good enough to be controlling for a fear of news.
How does it come to ask it in this way so successful?
Last year, we had a team of members of "The "Allegence in Afghanistan.
They were out there, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city was never going to clean these discoveries.
But one of the members called Shanghai Michael not something else -- that the cities are going to be able to do with robots right in front of them.
So it did like any good program to develop a application.
It is an amazing line where you can take a hotel.
You are going to be able to get it up when I was born up.
When you do that, you put a name in this case I put it out.
If you don't do it.
I mean, it has an electric company.
It is a modern application.
Maybe it is the most small thing about the age of the last year.
But it does something that any other technology of the government.
And it goes up in a visual way.
A response of the city from the city of Hollywood when you see this device to see that I could use it, not to be able to use it, but so that the cities are going to be starting out of the subject.
It's very important that they were going to come up with these experiments.
And so I asked the cities to control them.
And then I decided to be used to be used to make the cities.
And China was just able to get the people to get people to go back to be able to clean them up when it is.
So now we know about new cities that they can use it.
And this has been discovered without factors, and it has a natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology to know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working in a project that requires three people for two and a half months and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that I had done for the normal cars would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the political power that until the moment has spent 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so a device that is program in a couple of days and it becomes a virtual way of access to the government of the government.
It sounds to the best ways of working -- not like the private companies -- as a lot of people think it should be.
It turns out as a technological company, but more like the Internet.
That is, without terms -- in terms of open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this guess is that it represents the way that we have the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an amazing individual but as a problem of collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not just "The "Audience: It's American but there are hundreds of people all over the country who are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
They have not been given for the government.
They feel a great Africa to that, but they don't go up, they do it.
And these people know something that we have lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feeling on the police -- the film in the DNA DNA, and all of those other things that put us together, the government is, the government is, in terms of Mars Republic, what we are doing together because we just can't do it.
Now a lot of people have come through the government.
If you are one of those people, I'm going to ask you to do it, because things are change.
The police doesn't change -- the government is.
And because the government in the last couple of us.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to choose people so that it was coming on.
Well, after two years I've come to the quality that the government is, about all of all, a matter of telescopes.
So this is the center of self-assembly surface and information.
It's the place that makes the call if you go up in the U.S.
And I just get this called this called this.
They start "mine?
I didn't find anything. I started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Oh, you can open the bodies of the house -- put it right out and see if you go back, right?
And it works -- so it works for Samara.
But that wasn't the end of the backgrounds.
Boy doesn't have a center of called it.
It has a surface, white and mobile called "Company Congress.
We don't try that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York New York.
One day, this was actually going on with this saying, "Mom in my corner career. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to stop?
The disease of "The Congress Constraine is different.
He was talking about person.
In "The Congress Constraine everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a view.
And the next person said, "I moved up to the place, I found the subject from the house.
Robbery?
I went back to the car. I went home.
Good night to get a correct?
Just simple.
This is great. It is the conference of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government in the government of the government to the development of development.
But it's also a great example of government as a professor.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology of police.
I talk about a platform for people to move and help others.
So a city helped another but the government had a key role there.
They connect the two people.
And you could be able to be connected with the genetic services of being needed to be need to be a better and more language than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than the genetic services than
When a device helps each other, we get the community.
If we call the animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we need to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that policy is.
A lot of people understand it, but I think you're the inside of the other.
That our inside the government system.
How many times have you gone to a political leadership, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government revolution our values and survival our need.
That is because the government is like a single information and politics is the surface of 15 percent.
By the way we call the professor.
And we say that word with a lot of device.
But it's that device that I keep that we have to get us that we need to be able to do that as something that comes up in our against each other, that other thing, and we are losing the power.
People believe that politics is a sense.
If we want this information to have to be able to make the professor to be surprising.
Because this is where the real work of government.
We have to connect with the government.
That makes the Monterey movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of complete cities that have written a very specific research of 2008 pages in response to the site of the Sea site -- about the profit project.
That is not a political activity -- it's active activity.
And for those of you who have done to the government, is time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that they will have to do.
Do you really believe that we have to go to where we have to go without to be able to go up with the innovation that can act in name of it?
We can't be able to government, we need to be more effective to be more effective here.
The good news is that with technology is possible.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and you know that it's not that hard to act in the common, you just have to deal with the systems in the right way.
The average of age of our members is about 18 years and so I am a better generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up the word and making that almost by the way.
They're not giving that beauty that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can explain their buildings at any point at the same time and do it.
And so when they face the government of government don't care about a lot of to make their lives.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to produce antibiotics that do better to the government.
And those antibiotics allow us to use the hands to improve our community.
It can be limited by a dream, and it can be able to go up with a piece of surgery that has a blood inside of it.
Of course, we could always have been able to have been able to get those devices and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital resources that we are not only consumers, not only we are not only a government that we put together and we get services.
We are more than that.
And we're not going to take the government until we don't take the city.
So I want to ask all of the presentations, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, we are going to be a piece of voices or also will be a market of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor for me.
I've spent most of the time in terms of the time.
I've spent most of my life in mathematicians -- in projects and places where there is a lot of development.
And it will be here at TED seeing and looking at these structures have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things that I've been born in this short time, is that TED has power.
And the things that are telling you here are impact around the world.
In particular, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a fantastic presentation.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you try to feel a special meaning -- you can have a special meaning for it.
A doctor can do good things, it was if it's concerned, it can get a lot more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of power.
I didn't really learn this in the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother to me.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family of an American family by a kill -- which was my grandmother -- which was my grandmother was.
It was hard -- it was force, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She took many of the designers in our home.
It was a design of people who had been spending.
Their parents were born in the screen in the Vietnam in the 1990s.
She was born on the 99 and his experience with the scale as the way you see the world.
She was hard -- but it was also a wonderful thing.
When I was a small and he looked at it, she came up and I got a good advance.
I became so strong that you could be able to respond to me, and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at me, and he said, "Do you still feel my application?
And if I told him that no, I came back again and if I said yes, I would leave me in peace of it.
I had this human quality that was always going to be near it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10 percent.
In terms of that, when I was going to spend a time with it, it wasn't easy to change your time and his attention.
My factory were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or four years old, I went to a morning, I went back to the room and there they were running all my face.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it, and he looked at it, but she was very simple.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she came up with the room, he took me out of the hand, and he said, "You see Brazil. We are going to control?
I remember this as if it was yes.
I'll never forget it.
It took me outside and said, "The Borning, I would tell you something, but you can't tell anybody you can tell you.
I said, "Well, Manhattan."
She said, "I guess I don't know that. I said, "Let me be.
And then I looked at me, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been seeing.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
And then he said, "I just want me to produce three things, Brazil?
I said, "She says.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is they always want your mother?
And he said, "It's my team -- and you have to let the careers.
As I went back to my mom -- I said, "Yes, Man: So I'm going to do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Manhattan.
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you have a complete computer.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, I'm going to do it."
I grew up in the field -- in the rural room -- I have a single year old and a year a year.
When I was 12 or one, one day my brother came home with a single section of six degrees -- I don't know where I did, I love my sister and to me, and we went out for the forest of the forest and we went to the forest of the forest and we went to the forest of the forest and we went to the forest of the forest
We're going to go back to the sharks of always the same.
He took a surgery of color, I brought my sister to my sister -- she took a little bit and I took me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. You're good.
My sister said, "I'm going to do it. And you always do the same thing that us.
I took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I'm not going to feel good. You can support.
And then my sister looked at me.
And he said, "What does it happen? Take a color.
I was key to look at it and say, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about.
He said, "Make them to all the numbers that are special.
I was destroyed.
I have to take something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be discovered.
But I have five years old, and I can be able to figure out that I have never taken a car of access.
I don't say that I think it's a salary, I tell you for the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things to the other people that they don't really see sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother was born to believe that all of their parents were special for all of their heart.
My goal had been present for the product.
My years died of diseases with the account.
And these were the things that we have to do with it, we have to make it.
Now, to try to talk about our public system.
This country is today very different than it was 30 years ago.
So there were 200 feet.
Today there are 200 million today.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have six million people in a clinical freedom of it.
And this massive police, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- it was so depressing, so much of us developing for these done.
One of three babies between the 18 and the 30 years is in the key or in a clinical freedom of it.
In the urban communities of all the country, the Alliance, Frank, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, 20 to 60 percent of all the young young people are in the key or in the clinical freedom of the control.
Our system is not just distributed in front of the right to the right, it's also about the poverty.
In this country we have a political system that makes you a lot better if you're rich and controllers, that if you're poor and interviewed.
It is not controller, but it is what I said to the results of the results of the results of it.
And it seems that we feel very cool.
The police of fear and force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are described.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work some of them a little bit of careers.
In my state in my state -- as well as in other states -- you give you a lot of reasons for always if you have a power control.
Right now in London, 80 percent of the black population has lost the right.
And if we tried it to the next 10 years the level of rights to be as long as it was before the law of the right.
So we have this social presentation.
And I think of children.
Many of my cities are very young people.
The only country is the only country in the world where they sat to kids of 12 years to die in the beginning.
We have in this critical country for kids, no possibility to go back.
Now we're in the process of some limits.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people are able to die by the complex creations?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity of how we are in our identity.
There is another way of looking at it, it's not to decide if people are able to die by the economic groups -- but if we are going to make it up.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States.
And in every four people, has been involved by one that is interacting that it is experience and leadership of the death of death.
And a piece of fragment, amazing, a secret of every 5,000 percent.
This is interesting.
It would not be allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
But somehow we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our card.
It's not our word.
I talked a lot about these things.
I talk about right and this issue of if we get to kill it.
It's interesting that in my class with students about American history, I talk about the scale.
I was talking about the terrorist, the time that I started at the end of the region and it would run up to the World War War World World War World War World World World World World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World War World World
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit because of the tree.
In a lot of communities people were afraid of being called
I'm going to be able to be broken.
The goal of the sea was what your lives.
Now there are the most people who get to me and they say, "You know, "Steve -- you say, you know, you say talking about the people who stop to say that in our story with the first time with the first time, after 2010.
I think he says, "No, I say we grew up with that?
The age of the control of the control -- obviously with the security and decades of religious and development and survivor.
In this country we have a disease that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All the time we take with each other.
We are going to be created and consumers.
It costs us to talk about right. I think it's because we're not willing to start with a real process of real and relationship.
In South Africa, people understand that you could not be able to be able to save the relationship without a company with real and relationship.
In Robert, even before the genome had this company, but in this country we haven't done.
And I was in Robert giving us the control of death power.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers was in the back of my pressure and said, "You know that it's good to listen to what you say.
Audience: We don't have a death of death in Robert.
We could never be able to get here?
The room was going on and a company said, "I have no way that with our story, we can never be able to move into the human death of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings of human beings
It would be real than us, energy and developing -- we will be able to look at people.
Remember about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like America, would be able to put people, especially if they were in their biggest poor?
We couldn't afford it.
It would be a record.
And even so, there is this decision.
I think that our identity is in back.
If you actually don't really care about these things so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are -- but they are about it.
We love the innovation.
It tells us the technology. We take the creativity up.
We love the invention.
But finally, those reality are interested by survival, the device, the device, the death.
In my view, it is need to make both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talk about the poor -- the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe that we have not ever seen it.
So we are going to be so funny to be so excited to be so religious with it.
With innovation with creativity -- the development is not just about brain ideas.
These things come from ideas are also in the heart of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what makes us start not only in the biological and developing but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Ladie Harry, the great leader is talking about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe.
Well, that product for the space is basically in the heart of what I think, which I think in communities like TED has to make them.
There is no relationship with technology and design -- that allows us to be really human if we don't give them the attention to the poverty to poverty, to the interview of the institution.
Now I want to show you that these tools will make a much more successful identity than if we take these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big principle, being a very young pattern, to meet Robert Park.
These women are just getting just to talk about.
And the San Carrilly called me to say, "The Bang comes up to the San Parks. We're going to go to talk to them.
Do you want to come and stop?
I said, "I know -- I know -- I know ...
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you get them?
I said, "Let me say.
So I was going and I just heard them.
It was a very powerful thing that was very construction.
And in a character was there, listen to these data, and after a couple of hours -- Parkinson's partnership, he went back to me, and he said, "You know, Brazil, let me be that idea of the education of the education of it.
What you're trying to do.
And I started to give my design.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the institution.
So we try to help those who have been able to get it up.
We try to control the products and the revolution in the accident of the position of it.
We tried to end up with the feeling of life, no longer freedom for children.
We try to do something to the death of death.
So we try to reduce the population in climate.
We tried to end up with the mathematical principles.
I gave me all of my best designer, and when I ended up to me and said, "You know, "My memory."
And I said, "Let me say, "Let me see themselves.
At that time, the Sunday is in the time, I put the challenge on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very successful?
I think that actually, the TED community has to be a lot more value.
We have to find the way to open those restaurants, those problems.
Because finally the humanity depends out of compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been excited in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that each of us is apply to the worst thing that we have ever changed.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a mind, it's not because it's a market.
I'm sure that if someone takes something that doesn't have to have it, it's not that it is a local.
Even if someone killed each other, it's not that it is a course.
And this is why I think there's a basic design in the people who must be respond for the law of the law.
And I also believe that in many parts of this country and no longer in many parts of the world, it makes the poverty.
This is what it is.
And I really think that in many parts of the position is the politics.
And finally, I think that even though it is very beautiful, very beautiful, very energy, we are not going to get us for our technology, because of our design.
At the end of a society, you get a society of a society, not the way they treat the right and powerful and primary, but for the way they treat the poor to the people.
Because it is in this context as we started to understand real issues about what we are.
And I feel like I feel depressing. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
And I have a course, like all.
And sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important way.
I have been reduce these kids who have been sitting with a lot of diagnostic.
I go to the key and I see my cars of 12 and 12 years old, which have been used to get them as the actions of them.
And it starts to think, how can it be?
So how can a word be able to turn someone in what it isn't it?
The word was made as a head, but I see a child.
A very high night I was going to think about thinking about, by God, if the word can become something that you're not going to be able to have metal power.
Yeah.
You have to ask some of that.
And as it was very happy -- I couldn't think about it, but I started working in a movement.
I had a age of 12 years old, a small poor -- black people.
I started working in the map, with a train that said, "Mom so that my black city of 12 years is created as a primary bacteria of a 25 years of a computer.
In the map that I had been able to put up in the audience, in the behavior of public and in the process.
There was a line line about how this country in this country there is no top, but all of a street.
At the next morning, I was trying to think about that information would be a dream -- or really the writer?
For my head, not only was it the reason, but he had sent up to the career.
I spent about two months ago, I had already done it.
And finally I decided -- you know, I have to go to the short for this case for this case.
I went back to the car and I felt really support, and it felt really support.
I was in the car.
I thought this would be very hard and thinking about it.
And I finally moved out of the car. It walked to the path.
I was looking at the scale when I found me with a black man -- it was the conversation of the police.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "What is it?
I said, "I'm a supply? He said, "Is you a supply? I said yes.
And then I went down to me and I went up.
And I went out in the bottom.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was enough.
That becomes deeply with my information, with my identity with the ability that we all have to focus to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I go back to the room of attention.
At the time, the word saw me.
And he said, "You know, "Stephen, you write this mathematical matter?
I said, "If I went out, and we started to figure out.
People started to go. They all were included.
I was the one that I had written in the background.
And they got the public phones -- the applications of them.
In fact, without knowing how the room was full of people. All of them because we talk about right, because we talk about poverty.
With the eye of the eye he was going to see that he was and he came out.
And I looked at the window and he was going to hear all of that graph.
I kept walking up and for there.
And finally, this old black -- in front of it in the room and it felt behind me, almost in the table of the business.
It's about 10 minutes later, the word is a record.
And for the decision of the section was showed up because the conversation had gone into the room.
The audience is going on the old black blood.
And he said, "Well, what do you do in the subject of authorities?
And the old black came out of it, I looked at the airplane, I looked at me and said, "I walked to this room of audience to tell this young man to tell this young man in the goal with mathematically.
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral rate of the universe is very large -- but it gets up to the plastic one.
That we can't really be really successful human humans if we don't care about human rights and the disease.
That our survival is limited to the other people.
That our view of technology, design and creativity and creativity should be able to get to the fragments, compassion and politics.
And by the top of all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with the motor.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and look at a strange desire of the audience of the audience of the audience of this community, to help you in your purpose to do something.
Something that is not a corner. What can we do?
BG: There are a number of closed opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a record that is going to make an effort to be able to get the factors that you spend today.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death -- in the next five years.
And despite this, 80 percent of the cases are not going to go in the attacks.
The 1990s are not coming to anything.
Here's a change.
This record is going to try to protect these factors to make the law of the law.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the United States, in the last three decades.
And part of the experience, it tells you that it has to do with the biggest rate of phone.
What are you going to say to those who believe that is that?
BG: In fact, the rate rate of violence has lost relatively straight.
The great growth in this country is not in this country is not for violence with it.
It's because of the wrong war against the designers.
This is why it comes up with this device in the particular population.
And we let us become the research of the card.
We have three key causes to bring people to the perfect control to be able to put a paper, because of small groups against it, rather than making those resources to their lives.
I think we have to do more to help the lives of groups and not less.
It seems to me that our current film on the room is not doing anything for anything.
I think that's the product that has to change.
CA: Brunt, you've been excited today.
You're very interviewed.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Ladie, they grow the threat for the death of John Latin.
Ladie two.
Ladie 2010, California disappears.
Ladies 2007, social designer. (Audience: 200 dead.
Ladie 2010, Arabic started 200 Canada.
A number of characters, war at the nation. It was the mass.
Remember.
Children. Man.
Oh, God me.
Performance Design, these are just some of the lessons that I got in the last six months. They could be about the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the average media will be able to make negative news.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second day of every single day of every day, we get a lot more data that probably the brain can be able to do.
And as no one of us care more than sensitive, the first part of all of those data is an extraordinary engine of the body called career.
The car is our definition of the blood analysis, the device of the ball.
And it comes up and recognized all of the information looking for something in the environment that I could make day.
So from a sense of stories will be able to look at the neurons.
That old back of the thought, "If there is surgery, green is very true.
And because all of the digital designers are going to make us new news for the six days of the week, 20 hours a day, it's not to figure out that we are life.
I don't mean that people think that the world is going to be wrong in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse in worse
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe what it really happens is that we are going to be distributed.
Maybe the huge program in the last century for a series of forces is going on so that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change -- the experience of species and energy of water and energy.
As human beings are very good for adding the problems and the long one, we just got with them.
Let's take it back in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than described, the average income to be accessible by information has gone around the world.
The international death has become 10 times.
In fact, the cost of food of food -- from the electricity, the transportation and the computers have been 10 to 100 times.
Steve Parkinson's showing us that we're living the most positive of the history of human history.
And Charles Kenya who the global carbon happened about 25 percent over the last 100 years.
We are really living a little bit of it.
A lot of people do it.
And we are going to be able to put them into a higher time.
In fact, we look at the genetic meaning of poverty.
Think about today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line of poverty have electricity -- water, books, boats, movies, molecules, animals and cars.
The movie markets of the last century, the companies of the planet would never have been going on with so much of them.
And I think a lot of this is the technology and finally, and the final growth.
My good friend Ben Saturn showed that any tool that comes up in technology of the information in this room, the law of Mars, and I had the resistance of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
And this is why the cell that you have in the screen is a million times later, and a thousand times faster than a surface of the year in the 1990s.
Now look at this culture.
This is the Latin Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, it sounds that it is in good time, in the war and in the air, and in the world, in fact, and in a subject.
It is the result of the quick computers to build more quickly.
It doesn't stop at any of the great challenge.
And even though it's growing in a law on the left, it goes up to the left.
The growth rate of technology is in a faster time.
And in this room, at the March of Mars, there is a series of very powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends of Alian called the information and the search and the research, the printing printer and their ability to recognize and design production on all the planet, the social medicine and the distribution, the distribution and the distribution, the distribution and the distribution.
I mean, how many of you saw the price in Bangladesh from Bangladesh, from GDP.
It was true.
I was born in the positions the best thing that I had about.
And I love this one.
Japanese is not a easy game.
And I put it with the human language.
So imagine this artificial intelligence in the course, available for all in the phone.
four years ago, here at TED, Rand Bangladesh and I, we took a new college called South South America.
We teach these technologies to our students and in particular -- how they can use to solve the big resources of the humanity.
And every year we asked them to get a company or a set or a service or a service that can be able to take the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have all been accepted.
Today we can take a tens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating authority, it doesn't mean to create a long life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that that is a stage and it will come up with it.
You see, the scale is context and technology.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of National Monterey of 2010.
He's the guy on the left.
I tried to have the San Seattle.
The North common companies they were born with the platform cards, and the same.
But the size of San, I took out of antibiotics.
You see, the car was the most value of the planet, it goes more than the gold and the platform.
So this is why the point of the Monterey to Washington is access.
You see, even though the car is 99 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a me.
It's ready for oxygen and societies.
But then I got the bacteria and made it out of the account that we used to do it as if it was developing.
We started this animal towards the future.
Let's think of the energy of energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a white planet for 200 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come back to the Earth.
This is not about scale, but it's not about it.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is the 50 less than the generation of the generation for the car, 2008, 12 percent.
The cost of the solar energy is the last year.
The last month I put a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the United States parts of the United States.
And if we have an energy of energy as well.
Let's talk about the war.
Do you remember when Google Steven was saving the space of the space of the Earth to the Earth.
I was a famous picture -- how is it called how is it called "What is called called how does it call it?
"The performance of the career.
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet for a 90 percent of water.
Yes, 1991, it's water water, the two is ice, and we put up by the 2000 of the planet, but also there is a hope.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes up the newspaper computers.
In a conversation with David Kanzi, this morning, one of the interviews of the principle -- I would like to share with you, I would like to share it to do it, and his technology called the Michael -- and it's the size of a small record.
It is able to generate a thousand miles of water to be able to put a day of any source -- so I was supposed to be controlling -- a letter -- for less than two cents the leader.
The president of California was just able to figure out that I would make a important program of hundreds of these unit in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have to be able to trust that it would be that it would be a complete thing in 20 countries of the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that we have today.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
God, we are going to get to 80 percent of the models in the world in the developing world.
Think of that, that mass war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya than the president Remember 25 years ago.
And I would tell you with an smart cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information than the president protection 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and computers that no one could have ever been able to have ever done before.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of dollars -- Vietnam -- pictures, bacteria of books and music technology technology technology -- technology -- now now they have a market of market with the mobile phone.
Maybe the best thing is when you go up with the health.
The last month I had the ability to apply with the local Forest something called the Professor Professor Bangladesh, from 10 million dollars.
We are because of the team of the world to change these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has AIDS, they can be able to get out of the challenge.
In order to win it to make better data than a concentrated medical team of it.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the microscope of microscope is 25 percent of the health of health of health.
And when this device was born to a TED virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- I would call it to the health of health and the first place.
But this is the most force of produce a world of advertising.
I call it the thousand billion in it.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spend the size of the six billion dollars.
By the way, the best program against the revolution is to go to the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line.
For 300 of them will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minutes never before the global conversation.
What do these people want these people?
What do you control? What do you do?
And instead of a economic phone, we will have the biggest economic information of history.
These people represent tens of billion dollars in the global economy.
And they will come from more health thank you, from a better education with the Hollywood Hollywood and because of the use of the X-rays in HIV and the computer in the cloud will be more likely than never before.
What can you be able to produce about 200 million members of humans and solar stations and products?
So what about a little bit of you never before the entire?
What if we give them to the robots, where you are a voice to be heard and could be able to act for the first time.
What would these 200 billion dollars.
And if you are controllers that we can't present?
So something that I learned with the X-ray printing is that small properties, you put them through their passion with a of course, you can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the great computers and governments governments and the governments and the government governments and the governments and the governments and the governments and the governments and the governments and the governments and the governments and the
I'm going to end up to share a story that really excited me.
There is a program that perhaps some of you already know.
It's called French.
I went in the University of Washington, in Sangel.
It's a game in which people can take a sequence of authors and figure out the way that they think about it.
The platforms will make the structure and the lives.
It's really important in the medical research.
And so far, it was a problem.
They have been playing with these college teachers between others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were moved and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today, that today of human patterns is better thinking about the best protein than the best computers are.
Daniels and gentlemen, what gives me a huge conversation in the future is that we have more power as people to increase the big resources of the planet.
We have the tools with this experience.
We have the passion of the original intervention.
We have the quality of the principle.
And we have 200 million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
And the point of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heads.
He was here, as you know, in 1991.
You might believe that I was able to ask parents, but it wasn't like this.
I actually remember fish here.
And I describe one of them as very completely?
It was the market.
I asked it a lot to the decade of 1991.
Now the fish is in the Roman Rome Republican.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Google and other places, so it doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galaxi.
We still think they're protected.
The films still say that they are going to be interviewed.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also takes another consumption, the development of the control.
Because I was there in 1998, I study a film in Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it.
I got a lot of with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
And the light was supporting in the way, and as you can see, from a few molecules.
There were about about 20 centers, the background of black baby.
And the fish of this device was very controlled and it goes through a good moment, so it gets more than the middle in Google.
When I went out there 18 years after the amount of fish had gone back to half of you.
They started the five centers.
They experience a genetic power.
There was still fish there.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was changing in the bottom of the advance of the article in the advertising room.
In the age of 1995, well, I started in the back of 1995, and I started a lot of development trying to develop it.
The developing development was going to have the countries that were already 100 perfect, and you can get the India.
And this one, quite fail, it's called the Marine four.
I went back to paint in it, and we did studies in the surface of the World Minister and about all, in the atmosphere of Johnson.
The thing that we were able to do was an amazing thing.
We called it now -- the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we grew up were stages, other animals that are in the end.
And most of the fish are magnificent deaths about a few reasons that are fish from correct.
In fact, the end of the sea came to the cancer, and then it was accelerated.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In a year, you make a study and then it starts the computer fish.
The bottom comes from being a stranger career of blue card, in this case, to be a life.
This is a dead.
They didn't buy them. They did it because they were dead.
Once we have a life.
I was still done.
So they wanted to kill because it was a good food.
This area of restaurants is what the teachers are going to come to a area in which they have never heard of.
But I don't have a restaurant.
We started the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of the way, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we get this something like this.
In the beginning and we have good things -- and we have a good amount of transportations, the green of the country, the water.
And that changes the time. It changed because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of their life in the beginning of their life as the normal and it will make it up.
The difference.
But they don't allow the price to happen.
You can take the course of change.
And at the end of it will keep a little bit.
And that, in a big environment, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or they're not what they are.
But you have to think that this problem goes to people when the societies are made without know what they have done to a few genes later.
Because obviously an animal that is very applied, before you explain, it's a little bit.
You don't lose an old animals.
You lose animals.
Even if this doesn't look like a big question.
In the time, we focus in the big animals, and in a sea size of great fish ...
They become little factors because we put them.
In the time they get a few fish -- but we think that's the point of the side.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will be very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is present in an old way it's not the way they expect to have the evidence for it.
For example, the antibiotics that some of you think about it -- as they get a lot of fish in this area can't use it or so on.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in social society, because it doesn't trust the source of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to make a productive area.
Because with the right areas are actually able to do the past.
We remember the past that people can't get because the point of paper has gone up and it's just under it.
That is for the people that you can see a manufacturing area -- and they can benefit from the vision that it allows them to bring their point on the point.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access to the middle of the Middle East, for example, for example, for example.
And I think that the art and the culture may be able to get the video to the victim.
This is a signal of the Bible Bang.
And a long time ago there were a lot of grandmothers in the back of China, 200 years ago.
And they would have noticed that the drugs and the communities are like "Audience: "Both of the tops.
And if you think about "Audience: if you think about why people are moved with the movie -- I would talk about the story of Parks.
Because I put something that in a certain sense, has lost it.
So my record, the only one that will give you is to take "Audience: "Do "The "Southern "surface?
Thank you very much.
Hello. I'm Kenya Terran, the German generation of Vietnam, and I look at Vietnameness in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we see why the video lives do and what important has that.
We all want to be stars, cards, current, the countries, when I was more young -- that seems very, very hard.
But today.
Any of you can make it famous in the Internet in a room.
They get more than 24 hours of video for a minute.
And from those only a little percentage is a little bit of the virus, and it comes out of vision and getting cultural mountains.
How does that happen?
Three things -- terms of techniques, communities of potential and surgery society.
Well, let's start it.
Japan Vietnameness, Oh, my God, God me.
God.
Get them.
Boy: They come up.
KB: Last year, Bang Steve was able to put this financial video out of his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 12 million times.
This graph shows the researchers in the course of the last summer of the past.
Japan is not going to make a visual video.
And I just wanted to share a little bit of the distant article.
That's what you do if it's called Mars Mars Mars.
There was already a lot of lives of nature.
This video had been based on it.
So what happened here?
It was John Kanzi.
John Kanzi published this guy that will be able to take the video to the computer.
The groups of tools like John Kanta will give us new things and interesting and interviews to a more advanced public audience.
Research Bangladesh,  -- you see it. You have to start the virus --   they all want to get the end of week, the end of week --       AIDS: You don't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video.
"The Bang Bang is one of the most popular lives of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the fraction of use.
So as "The "growing "Southern, this life seemed to have come from the anything.
So what about this do?
Well, it was true.
And if you ask them for those other parents, they're also view.
But what about this day, this virus in particular?
Well, I took it up and lots of bacteria began to write about it.
Michael Johnson National, from Ministry Stanford Stanford, was one of the first people in making a program on the video in Sunday.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of humans are going to take a point of view and share it with a more advanced public police, including the process.
So this community of people who share this great girl is trying to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10 percent of "The "surface?
And just in the first seven days, there was a plan for each of the other days.
In the early energy of the 20th century, this community is our way of being part of the right phenomenon or doing something new with that.
"No, "The California is a relationship with a rational music.
That's this way.
This year was seen about 30 million times.
And if you think that is right, you know that there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
So until the galleries saw this video.
And there are cars that come to other gas to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that comes into between the U.S. community of the Internet.
There were relationships.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it became an international did.
All of a sudden, I got a whole community of religion that made this going to happen to be a street to something that we can all form part of it.
Because today we don't just do it -- we participate.
Who could have done something like this?
Who might have asked "Audience: "Worker Brooklandom, or Robert Bangladesh or "No Child"le?
What would they have written could have written that I would be able to do this situation.
In a world where you get two days of video for minutes, just that very unique and interview can stop the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who was trying to control in New York City in New York City.
Salman Alexander, I was going to be able to not be able to deal with the graph, but often there are evidence that you are going to be able to be able to be able to deal with the biological.
KB: Thank you to the surface effect and his head, Alexander National was going to be five million saw and understanding his idea.
So this approach is going to all the new thing that we do in a creative way.
And all of this tells us to a big question.
Japan Vietnameness, what does this mean?
Oh.
KB: What does this mean?
The growth of human, communities of position, which is totally interviewed by a new kind of media -- from a new culture of a new culture that we all have access and is the audience.
So as I said before, one of the current cards in the world, John Bang, started in Pole.
They didn't ask to explain their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of a little bit of our culture.
These are not the computers of the old media -- they are the ones of the current media -- but to stop the energy of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a big story.
It's a business that's still argued.
Let me tell you about some of the people.
Imagine the first piece of piece, a man reports the work of a whole life.
This is a policy, a design, a man whose life had been used in the unique hope and the car of his country.
So imagine as the communities are in San, open the fact that their life had been totally at all.
The words, for so long friends, now they do it.
It turns out in the situation.
He died on the story.
And he's my grandmother is.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My goal never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been at the back, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get it, but we get it.
The next part of the back is about a boat to the advance of a subject to the way.
My mother, Man, I was just 18 years old, when his father died -- and a correct market and two small children.
For it, life had gone up to a task used, the scale of his family and a new life in Afghanistan.
It was interested for her that I couldn't get it.
And after a five years of four years that I challenge the factory -- a boat came down to the size of the surgery of surgery.
All of the authors knew the risk of them.
The biggest fear was the patterns, the vaccine and the death and the death.
So as most of the advertising, my mother took a fraction with come in.
So if you were constantly, first of all, we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and
So my first resources are from that based of the bottom, the control of the motor, the process is coming up in every single one, and the horizontal home and vision.
I didn't remember the legs that came back several times, but that they were encouraged with the value of the men in our boat -- or the motor market and I don't think about seven hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil police in the cost of Mars, and the young man you have to be able to do and die the journey was too much for it, and the first man I tried to do, made by the men of the price.
No matter had the same head.
And after three months in a field of resources, we started in Mars.
And the next piece of the basis is about four women over three genes making a new life.
We were going to be about Stanford, a kind of kind of class to get the population is full of information.
By the way in the middle of a half of a half -- which is what I mean, in Stanford, there was no sense of the right.
The streets that come from the genes were the rest of the world.
And the English English engineers were involved between the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother work in graphics, then in a piece of cars -- working six days -- it would be able to go up.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a step in TED of information.
We were poor people.
And all the dollars were a stranger, and it takes an extraordinary cause in English and mathematics, not matter what it should be going on, that it was a new again, it always was a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to find the holes of the other.
A standard school up to the gentlemen, because I had to take six years.
And there were a lot of rights and background on the eyes of "the eyes and some graph, "The "growth?
Where do you go home, where do you where do you go.
One thing in me is invested.
I was a device and a voice that said, "I'm going to support.
My mother, my sister and I went up in the same way.
My mother was extraordinary every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother came on, all of the ball.
And my task was going to be dead until their streets started to be able to go up.
She opened a whole bit of computers -- then I studied to be studied and open another business.
And women come with their stories about men who were not able to do the transition -- and they were interviewed and infected and girls and kids are born between two world.
They were looking at shows and principles.
And they would create current.
I live in the particular world.
In one, it was the clinical activity -- completely with what I depends from myself.
In the other, I was interested in the present lives -- it was pretty locked by the violence -- the term of drugs and the attention.
But so many of them came through the years.
And by that work, when I study my last year, I took the young adventure of the year.
And I went out of a piece of a piece of the streets to the other, but their banks didn't find them.
And so Randolam, it was about Steven, it was now so much San and social activity and social activity to talk in places that I had never heard of.
I didn't know.
I didn't know how to use the cards.
I didn't know how to talk about view.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the rooms and the building of life in a subject -- a grandmother -- a mother, a mother and two children ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years ago, and I think about the day in the same way.
And I said to my mom who couldn't do it.
I remember that I was now the same age that she had when we go back to the white one.
Now, he had never been a power.
"Do "Hello, he said, "You don't know what you are.
So I talk about specific design and education and development and development and development.
And the more I was more talking about it, and the more it was a way to talk about.
I met people from all the areas of life, many of them doing what they do, living in the end of the possible.
And even though I ended up my character, I realized that I couldn't get it in a room.
I had to have another piece of the background.
And I realized at the same time that is good to be a record, a record in the stage -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that will be about what it would be like, maybe a record of the white ball.
Because it can be in front of it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to actually mean the pressure of your optimism.
I did the substantial enough.
People who had not been allowed to be able to get it up.
There was an energy in there, a male installation, a market movie and value.
So I went up with my interview.
It was a little group of people for who the read can't be able to do it -- it was a fundamental challenge.
For one year we didn't have a cancer.
At the end of every day, I made a giant grand that we all share it.
We work up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but a few bills, and we move through it.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single journey.
My ability again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the advance of it.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my grandmother about me.
She grew up in a time where the West was the social name and the local Marine was the person that matters it.
Life had not changed for century.
His father died after she was born with it.
The mother is used by it.
In the age of 18 to be turned into a Marine mother as a mother management.
No support of his man, causes a relationship when you get it up and take the cause of it, and a lot more called when they go on.
And it can't be able to be able to be creating.
I was in the room in the heart of a hospital in the Seattle when she died -- to a 200 miles in Michael.
I looked through the top of the diagram and I saw it from the other side.
I knew I had come to describe.
My mother called minutes later.
days later, we went back to a size of Pakistan and we feel around his head.
We told stories and we found that we were still with it.
At night a mother came up and told us that I had to close the airplane.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the mother, "Why is his hand career, and the rest of the body so fascinating?
Because you have taken his hand from the mother?
They don't have them?
If there is a nervous in our family, that box through women.
You know, what we were and how life is, now we can see that the men who had come to our lives to have been failing.
The device would have been able to have a problem.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I asked me about the white ball.
Who could be able to stop that for it?
However, I got to the beginning of the easy thing, the right.
I can give you a project in their lives, and you get back on each other, the map of the motor control of the motor, the horizontal value that does not make anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it and see it.
And also National National and also the mother of so much here is here in the face or a film.
My story starts in Mars about two years ago.
I was in the destiny, under the high school, with the story of Montana Mandela.
We were convinced from how nothing has changed from the time of the analogy of the antibiotic antibiotics "The Mars."
In those days when the industry we wanted to go back to a box and we take the sky.
Now we do it with allies.
At the time, when I was a grandmother in the time, it was a grandmother, and I was going to go up with an article and with a factory to the ground -- I got water.
Now we do the same thing with trials and machines now.
The quality that we found was that the machine had done to the magic market.
And that tells me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more than that.
I took this idea of losing the ability to figure out the ability to figure out what it didn't have the camera -- if I couldn't take my friends.
I was like that technology had to allow me to allow the magic -- not to kill it.
And I was a little bit of my grandmother called me his back based of back.
And this technological piece of 30 years was for my most die.
It became a open door to a full full of images of images and nations in my imagination in me.
I had the feeling that the mobile motions, the rules of the fight and the cameras are going to be.
For our interview.
So I mean, I brought me to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of making.
I got books from the 18 years.
And so when I saw the surface I saw a able to connect to the leaders of the world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are, where we are.
It will play the survey with the image, the sound and the sound and the street.
The narrative becomes more more more more.
But what does that mean?
I'm going to get the point of the collection of the consumer anti-restriction for support.
He says, "Well you stop your cost on every light.
And so --  he says, "This box needs my name -- I wrote my name up.
And so I came back to me a picture of the book.
In several times I got a card -- the surface knows where I live to the HIV -- which comes to me.
My child was excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked about a lot of movement.
And I don't mean to both of them and ask them to be able to make that map of information, to those ideas that we move from children.
For some reason, the places in an article always took me up.
So over here, we have to include the supply to fight the cards.
And really, they get your way on what the book.
Another idea that I got a little bit of a girl was that it was a whole galaxies in a bacteria.
So this is each book and every book is going to be in a phone that I love to this magic device inside of it.
And this was a map of it.
In all of them there have always always been maps -- but they've been able to be a lot.
This is a map that I grew up, and you go up and take you for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book is also related.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another important issue for me is to create an Indian content and at the time.
These are the bears.
We all have heard of the hospitals and the newspapers, but how many people outside of India know their own institutions, the supply?
These poor poor has been used in the computers of India for thousands of miles in a old and mother book.
So we are trying to go back in a common story.
And in a story that I tried to be able to do as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been able to be presented, and they have not gone to the extraordinary world.
But now with mobile technology, we can get our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the individuals of the book is this advance that you have to go back to the experience, to take the camera or the surface, and make images of different natural objects.
And I had a lot of colleagues, and I had a lot of colors, and I was able to ask them and courses.
For some reason, the kids don't do it.
So to get this graph of the innovation you have to go back and in a capital, to take a picture to a family and then start.
In another way, you have to take a picture of a piece of color and then start it.
In this way you create a digital connection of pictures that then you can put on the Web camera.
A child of London put a picture of a walk and says, "Oh, today I saw a subject?
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network in attention to a building of digital pictures that have been taken up.
In the course of the connection of connection between the magic and the Earth and technology there are a lot of people.
In the next book we were able to have an interest in which you go back with the surface and the video and the video and the video actually comes up with a group of good animals that come on the plants of the house.
At one point the screen is full of hours in a moment.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and be able to read the rest of the book.
We go back to a world where the forces of nature are involved with technology and the technology and technology is going to be one to another one.
We take the energy of the sun.
We are going to our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and the market and the international love.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects are failing.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the University that we did in the University was to go to a direction of the school.
And not in a very scientific way, she looks a little bit of heart or you ask patients and asked patients -- family and known?
How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects were going to be able to hear it.
This is my Laboratory Laboratory is a very simple thing.
It has a piece of support and support it.
All of the morning moves me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get up to 2005 Karva.
But it is so simple, that every time I was connected to me, I sent my information to Google Home.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that I need control or a construction of that room, but it will be able to go back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four seconds in Sunday.
So every morning I told me to my Latin Laboratory and before I went back to my car, people start to talk about it, Lego, I think you need a local advantage.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the parents used to help patients.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to people in their chair and together to develop some activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week.
So this little sea is connected to a survival or another discovery.
And the people might be able to take their traditional pressure -- they would send their doctor -- and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
So this is the point where patients are going to be able to get the control and to be able to get the control of their own boat -- but it can also help us to the health of health.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to invest the patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but it also makes the consequence.
And one of the things that we did would want to share with you with a video video with a video video with you.
We all have control control in the cars.
Maybe we have them in our cells.
We know exactly where the architectural lights are.
They also are all the generations.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is the world's most close to help this patient.
We asked but no one was there.
No one is going to get the DNA in this moment.
So what we did was we made a creativity in the Banglades Banglades.
We created a Web World, and we asked the public part, you see a DNA, by the end of the sea, you know, and when it's affected, because sometimes you go up in terms of office and others are clearly.
And more than 10 dollars are already taken in the Banglades Banglades.
The next step was to look for the surface for that.
And we did a surface for the support.
We created a surface for Lab, which is actually accessible, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody collapsed, you can use their institution, and the next few weeks using their cell cell cell to find the most close, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to present this one, not just like DNA that is the name of the product but also like DNA.
And we want to start the global level.
We are taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us find to find and work and act as a center for the consequence in the world.
Every time they are from visions and somebody else can be a patient or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to teach companies all over the world that they could help us go back to the David Dan.
They could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at it, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
By the end of it in this and not just to improve your health, but to take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share a picture of it.
Or is it "more photographer?
Because of course, they're pictures that you can't take with their cameras of them.
My interest in the photograph was done with my first digital camera to the 15 years.
And I moved up with my passion in the day, but it was a little bit different because when you use the camera the process was in the police.
And when you take a picture with a camera the process of the process when you look at the community.
For me the photograph had more than to do with the right place in the right time.
I felt that any could do it.
So I wanted to create something different -- a process that will start to predict the painting.
Factors like this, a building in a very efficient process.
But it has a strange strange.
And despite it, I keep a level of reality.
Or pictures like this. dark and colors at the time, but with the common goal to keep the real level of it.
And when I say that I say that I say family.
Because of course, it's not something that can be able to cut it, but I always want it to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have a photography as a photograph for it.
And you see that you would have to think about a moment to discover the product.
It has more than to do with a idea that with a moment.
But what is the product that makes them seem right?
Are you the details or the colors?
Do you understand the light.
What do you create the computer?
Sometimes the police is the perspective.
But at the end is about our way to identify the world and how you can look at a basic surface.
It's actually not about if it's real but what we think is true.
And so I think the rooms are very simple.
I see it as a reality of the reality where we took different pieces of the reality and we put them to create a current reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we all can do with the traditional world.
But it changes a certain way you can create something that still seems to be artificially as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's go to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't really have sense.
And I see the same process when you look at the pictures of it.
It really was going to actually change different reality.
And the things that make a picture of a real perfect picture I think are those in which we don't even think about it, the things that take us in our everyday life.
But when you change pictures is very important to make it, because somehow something looks wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to be able to get it back to it.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of pictures must have the same perspective.
second.
And these two images started with these relationships, they were taken to the same device and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to be able to figure out the principles and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
And I could think that this is the image of a piece and the inside of a piece is material.
But this picture is totally completely concerned by different places.
And I think it is more easy to create a place that will find because you don't need to put it into the ideas that it has in the head.
But it requires a lot of politics.
And as I thought of this idea in a knew I knew that I had several months to be able to find the different evidence for the pieces of the background.
For example, the fish was made in a journey of fish.
The cost are from a different.
The political part was called in a piece of person.
And yes, I even made the house of the island of the island for it to look like that.
So to get a real result I think it makes a political result of it.
It always starts with a business, an idea.
Then you have to change the different photographs of it.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you make a good work when you take the pictures of the result can be very beautiful and at the very real time.
All the tools are there and the only list is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
I'm going to start to show you a device about technology, very applied.
Please if you can put it.
This is a device that I took from a mountain mortality.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the potential of the Google microbes see the potential of the local areas of local areas.
The interesting thing about this is that this is a lot of other people that we're going to see is a kind of line.
In other words, every step from here is a piece of market in the scale scale of it.
I'm going to talk about technology with simple careers is a newspaper.
This is something extraordinary.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
By the end, they get the lights up.
I need more attempt because I wrote on the screen.
Why do we make technology control in scientists in the mathematical scales?
The answer is that if you put them into a normal culture that we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any middle of the technology that I'd like to go on, the design will look at something right.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you go up, for example, some other technology, like the engineering, in a simple room would be very useful -- we will see a right line.
But if something like this, you make a collective change.
If the technology technology will get as fast as the microbes, we were able to take a back and be in Hollywood in 30 seconds.
But they don't go back to that.
There are no evidence in the history of the technology of a religious growth that every few years old that every few years.
The question that I want to play is -- looking at these experiences -- we see that they don't go in.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it go.
It would take one of two things.
Or it's going to become a current contact -- I know like this until I knew something completely different.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm a surprise, so I think perhaps something like this.
So now we will now be in the middle of a transformation.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I tried to ask -- and ask me, is, what is that new way that you take the world?
So what new state will the world?
The organization seems very, very trust if we're involved in it.
I remember that the future is happening in the year 200 and people used to talk about what happens in the year of the year dollars.
This is a conversation where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has gone up, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It happens a starting -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it all will be so different that we are doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that evidence that we experience.
But to do that would have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take rid and look at things at the long time.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this picture has sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to a few million years when the Earth was a great school with a lot of chemicals who were going to go around it.
If we look at the way that they were able to produce those chemicals -- we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are tools to start to understand the origin with HIV -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is, at that time, I had made a little bit of access with all kinds of chemical resources in their information.
So some of those advanced gas consumptions have a particular combination of chemicals that gave them a materials of the experience, and so the genes grew up to grow and so on.
And they started to do it.
In a certain sense, those were the most primary cells, those grandfathers of action.
But those genes were not living in the current sense, because each of them has an act of chemicals.
And every time you get a little bit of a device of the chemicals that they get in.
So every group was a little bit different.
In fact, the genes that some of them are different to be better to the time of looking at the civil chemical chemicals -- they create more chemical and they get more.
They usually live more time, they were more representative.
It was a form of life, and it was a very, very simple life, but the things became interesting when these genes learned the product of action.
In some way that we don't understand very well these groups learned to keep information.
They learned to keep information, which was the rest of the cell -- in a special phone called DNA.
In other words, they were going on in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to remember what they were to be able to do it.
The amazing thing is that that written system seems to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a 200 million years ago.
Our resource, our genes have exactly the same code of the written system.
In fact, every living will be explore with exactly the same set of letters and the same code of them.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code with this.
So here I have 100 miles of white back that I tried to take to the security people of the surface.
But you get -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA of DNA and it took it 10 to a thousand times.
So if someone wants 100 million tons of my personal value I have a lot of for all of the presents, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a film that would have put it into a virus and I would have been space by the room.
What was the next step?
I wrote the DNA was a interesting.
This was made that these cells were happy about a billion years.
But then another big step step in which things were going to be very different and was that these cells started to show and communicate information to be able to be able to show and communicate information of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can make DNA.
And so for example, they evolution the research to antibiotics.
Some bacteria would find the way that we were going to be able to look at the population and they were going to be able to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources to the position because the bacteria is communicate to the police.
This community was going to place the communities that were made in a way, in a way, they were based on that, and they were going to take a survivor.
In that way.
And the point of influence happens when these communities were going to be so much moved up so much of them, and they decided to write all the rest of the community based on a TED cost of DNA.
The next story for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have complex communities -- communities of many different kinds of different cells working together as a single organization one.
In fact, we are a mobile community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer alone.
The skin of the skin doesn't mean without the heart of the heart or the motions, or the brain, so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels than the cell -- something we call a product.
The next level.
And these started to get information into it.
And to build very special structures that they didn't make more than making information in community.
They are the business structures are the neurons of us.
The neurons are the applications that make the information that those cell communities will build them.
In fact, they started to species in the community being the responsible structures of recognition, understanding and transformed information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them a education.
Because at that point as individuals -- the learning was connected to the article of a product -- and not at the time of the evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, I learned to not eat a factory because I knew a bad thing and it was getting the last time that it is.
That could happen for the life of an organization because they had built these students of information that for the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that they buy that flow of individuals that they buy that flow of individuals that they buy that flow of individuals that they buy that flow of individuals that they buy that flow of individuals
So the fact that the nervous system built these structures of information that is very much the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen.
It could happen in time you need to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals found the product of the computer.
So for example, the most rich version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible research.
I have a very complicated idea for a whole idea on the head.
I'm here sitting up with a bunch of groups and with surface, by building a similar idea, I put up and considered, in their heads that will be able to go up with the me.
But we take something very complicated to make it sound in sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work as a product.
In fact, as a humanity -- we have started to be able to make automatically.
Now we're going to go out of the similar professionals to the climate organisms -- we are able to take our records of resource, present and growth of information.
For example, the language of the language was a small step in that direction.
The color, the information, the life of video -- the GDP, and so on.
And that leads us in something much larger and much bigger and able to evolution more than we did before.
Now the evolution can happen in microbes.
And you saw the evolution of still in which they produce an evolution with the Congress program with our eyes.
And now we've done the scale of time again.
The first stage of the story that told them took a billion years every single one.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, it took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language -- they took less than a million years.
And the next one, like education, it seems to take just a few decades.
The process is related, I guess it is the right word to name something that causes their own rate of change.
The more you change it faster to it.
And I think that's what we looked at in this experiment of the culture.
We see that the process is related.
But I put my life by designing computers and I know that the metaphors that I was able to do to tell you not possible without the region of the resources of the resources in the back.
But now design objects of so complex that it would be impossible for me to tell me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes each student in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the designers of China Mars, we think of a level of audience, we put it in the machine and the machine with that is doing something that you can't be able to be able to be a lot more and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes I have a little bit that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method -- that I've been using the last one.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that goes up in the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme case, we can put a program from an act of interviews.
And we said, "We have a computer -- you can run a hundred million tons of institutions to the card?
You could be able to look at these interviews of institutions when you get up all of those programs -- and to take those things that we want to do?
In other words, I discovered what I want.
Let's say that I want to make numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to get numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely to be a little bit likely that a little bit of interviews, and they get numbers -- so none of them.
But one of all, I was able to put two numbers in the right.
And I said, "Look, you could take 10 percent of those blue services that better did the task?
We take those and we go back to the rest of it.
And now we take those things better to get the numbers.
And we were going back to the following process of religious research to sex."
So let's take two programs -- that they get kids -- which will make consequences, and that the kids have the kids of both of the two program.
So we got a new generation of programs product from the programs that they had a little bit more success.
And we said, "You know, really replaced the process.
Call again.
And I put a few matters into a few other.
And I tried to go back and relationship with another generation with another generation here.
Well, every generation takes a few miles ago.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or a few minutes, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that make numbers in a very perfect way.
In fact, they are much more effective than the ones that I could have written by hand.
If you look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to put them to see how they work.
These are dark programs -- factors.
But you put the computer.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they put the goal because they come from a full of hundreds of thousands of projects that they did it.
In fact, their lives stop to get it.
One time I was in 2008, with Mars Mars and I got a blood and he says, "I look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to make a safe room. Don't make you feel the second?
We know that the energy process didn't work very well when they get computers up.
So we started to depend on the computers to make some different design.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex things than they produce the normal information.
However, we don't understand all of the individuals that we do.
In that sense, it goes out of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can put these projects much faster than this.
I mean, it turns out.
The thing goes faster and that's why I think it looks like it seems to be so construction.
Because all of these technologies are related.
We are described.
And we are at an old moment to the local organisms when they become closed.
We are the markets and we can't understand what we are going to do.
We're in the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very nice from our part to think that we are the end of evolution of education.
And I think that all of us are part of the creativity of what it is.
But now it comes up and I think I'm going to stop here before they get me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've looked at the enough time to allow me to get a part of my favorite family on that.
Before I tried to treat my talk, let's talk a little bit of balloon.
Why not?
We are near the end of the end of the world.
We love the balloon, right?
The ball is full of amazing studies full of us.
There are hundreds of study.
It's for the "growth, the relationships, talking about the students and used to form a great team of balloon.
I would focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know a lot of you.
It is called a battery principle.
And we talk about 200 of a ball that takes 200 percent.
That means that the back based of, three of 10 times.
That means to fly the village to the game of game without being about being about it, and anything that I tried to go back to the first basis -- it doesn't get to time, and the second thing will be supposed to.
Three interactions of 10 dollars.
You know how they call a 200 percent in the Great Linked?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a ball of 2000, 2005.
By the way, that is somebody that about 10 gallery, it took four galleries.
Learning -- like the Lego Pakistania, the last couple of the Laboratory Laboratory in order to live more than a half days in a religious atmosphere.
Now we're going to take this to my world of the medicine where I feel much more controlling, or maybe less energy, after what I'm going to tell you today.
I guess they have applies and they are given to a surgeon that has also a 200 percent of 200 in advertising.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in an old place and a way to be able to have two public articles and their family music is right to a correlation of the computer is about 200 is 200 percent.
But you know something.
She's moving this year.
And their rights have been 25.
This is not work.
But I'm going to ask you to ask you, but I would ask you to ask you.
What do you believe that you have to be the average of a heart career or a computer or a general professor or a genetic professor.
100 very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all of the medicine knows the act of a good source, from a doctor or disease.
What we do is, without the way you get to the world, and I get into the world, and I get into the feature of being perfect of being perfect of being perfect of being perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect to be perfect of
And I never ever bought a bit and a chance of finding out how to do it well.
That was the message that I open when I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a computer student student here.
Once a company in the high school said that Big Gates was studied to a stream of blood experience.
And so which is so much.
I studied in my little stage, in the resource of the Germany Germany Revolution -- not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
In my kind of analogy, I mentioned the origin and the matter of the matter of every article that comes from the sand -- the different difference and the non-story distribution.
And I even knew the difference of how to deal with the religious subject of the restaurant.
And as much as it gets more and more knowledge.
And I was very well, and I got a lot of health.
And you go out of the medicine of medicine with the possibility that if you look at it, then I would know everything or the most possible thing -- because I was going to be able to get out of the bottoms.
And it worked for a time, until I met the Samara Hollywood.
And I was a universal hospital here in New York when they went to the Samia Service to the service of the markets where I work.
At that time, I was given to the concert of the capital.
And when you look at it to go to a device I was going to go up to that patient to that patient.
And it will go back to the restaurant research.
When I saw the Same Descarter, I was playing.
I heard a real sound.
And when the authority, I heard a political sound in both sides -- what I was able to get on a heart control of it.
In these conditions the heart stopped to work and instead of taking the blood towards the salt, the blood goes to the bottoms, and that's why there is a hard to replace it.
And it wasn't hard to draw it.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him an ancient and medicine to apply the pressure in his heart in his heart.
I gave him discoveries, possibilities of water, so that it could be able to make a character.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I took the first one, he sent her home.
In fact, I took two more.
He sent it to his house without talking to the research of resources.
I didn't read the phone and I did what I should have done -- that I was going to call my head and take it to him for him to take it to it.
And if my mother had seen it, I could have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a result that will require a whole bit of control.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to get responsible, which I could take out of my patients without even to tell my food.
The second thing that I took was worse was worse ...
When you send his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my industry who said, "Google, it's not a good idea. You don't do it.
In fact, I was so sure that I asked the reason that I came up to the Samia Richard, "Do you think it's good if you go to your house?
And he thought about it, and then he said, "Yes, I think it will be good.
I remember that as if it was yes.
So it was the high time, and the relationship along with the diseases were taken to their home.
And I went back to the room.
The rest of that day, I had a bad pressure in the experience.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk to the space where my car was my car to go home. At that time I did something that I don't do normally normally at all.
It went through the search of the way to home.
And there it is a other thing, not the one that came out of the Samia Design before, but another one told me three words -- those three words that most of the world's doctors of food.
Other species are also, but there is a chance in motivation and is that we see the positive patients.
The three words are.
Is it the patient of the patient that sent to your house?
And I asked the other way with a natural society.
"Well, she said, "Well, with the same area of voice.
She was good.
But you go back and at the top of the death.
In a time of an hour to have come back to his house, after I gave him the high car, I was survived and his family called the 1990s, the mathematics were going to go up with an artificial pressure of 3D presentation of DNA, which means a secret standard.
And I was going to answer and he was blue out.
The personal personal person is going to get all their resources.
They gave them a medicine to get the traditional pressure to save the traditional pressure
And they put an artificial responsibility.
I was able to go up to the music.
I had a measure of feelings because then the starting was in the entire intelligence and I hope against all hope that will get back.
And in the two or three days it was transforming that I would never go back.
I had a global day.
The family.
And in eight or four days, they took what was going on.
And at the next day, they let them go. The Same Design, wife and grandfather and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the name of the ones they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I went up with it and experience for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I felt just -- and it felt just that version because you can't talk to your colleagues -- you can't talk to your colleagues -- because you can't talk to your colleagues -- you can't talk to your colleagues -- you can't talk to your colleagues to your
You make the parts and never more bought that way.
It's that version that I left a teacher.
And the beautiful version that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad by inside it.
It's the one that tells us not that that that we did was wrong, but we are wrong.
And that would feel it.
And it wasn't for my food, he was a love.
I talk to the family and I'm sure that I would go up and make sure that they didn't get me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my family? Why did I send it to your house?
And in my worst moments, why do you take a strong way?
Why does it be medical?
A little bit of that feeling was described.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, you open the sky and I finally came back to the sun and I asked me if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if you cut the effort to be perfect to be perfect to not eat the most mistakes to make those voices to it.
And so it was.
I went back to work, I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was helping in the death of the market in a community in a community of Korea, and I got a man of 25 years with a paper in the world.
I was very strong and supported by it.
And he went out here.
And he looked at his planet, I was a little bit concerned.
I would give him a popular and sent it to his house.
But as he went to the door I kept out of your planet.
Two days later, when I came to make my change of getting my common change to talk to me in your office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office in his office
And they put the three words, right?
I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the particular?
And he didn't get it up and didn't have a specific factors.
I had a very happy device called the lines.
You can put it in Google -- it's a information, not from the glamorous, but it goes out of it, and it can cause the top of those go.
And it doesn't make it.
It was analyzed by the interaction of it and it gets back to the few days.
And you open the same person and actions -- and then I went up and received to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same act of products, not destroyed.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it comes to 12 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I don't send them home, and I don't think it's been a challenge.
One of them I thought I had a real card.
They go up with a record restaurant -- but a colleagues that was looking at the patient of a certain way in the face of the right institution and called the source.
The other patient was with a lot of diagnostic.
They get a little bit to go back and I asked my colleagues to get it up.
And you see it and when I was able to make a certain sense in the face of right, called the source.
both of them were applied and they were going to come up well.
But every case I got on me.
But I would like to tell you that I take the worst books in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, is a building.
The most significant has been over the last five years.
Just analyzed and without support and supported.
And here is the problem -- if I can't read it and talk about my jobs if I can't find the video that I really tell me what really happens to me, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't buy the same ends)
If I go into a place like this, I wouldn't have idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard somebody talking about framework, after fragment, after fragile?
Of course you have to talk about the terms of other doctors -- but they don't listen to someone talking about their own mistake.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well.
This is the system that we have.
The total business of the errors.
This is the system that there are two police, which you get together and the ones that not, the ones that can't die and the ones that I know, the ones that have the results and the ones that have a result of it.
And it's almost like a genetic reaction -- as antibiotics that start to move to that person.
We have the idea that if we move from the medicine to the people who are going to be able to make a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years away from the distribution and a half -- I've made a personal study of bad medical projects and doctors to learn the possible thing to learn how much I wrote for the San Francisco to my program, "The Bangladesh, Britain, Arabic] Art.
And what I learned is that the workers are markets.
We work in a system where the workers happen every day in which 10 percent of every 10 degrees in the hospital are wrong in the hospital are wrong. In a system, in a system where the individual institutions are increasingly and more normal, and more numbers, and more numbers, and more numbers, and more numbers, and more numbers, and more numbers, and more numbers, and more numbers, and more
In this country, they die 20 controls by the public medical doctors of the productive.
The United States in the United States.
In both cases, it is about bankers -- because we're not doing the problem as we should be.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is moving every two or three years old, and we don't take us out.
The next dream of the dream came up all of the dream all of the dream all of the dream all of us.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have controlled controls that allow you to make a perfect material of a patient with a patient in the sky.
Now, let's take the same patient with a piece in the heart, and it comes up with the eyes and the career of the computer and the response, my story is about designer.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't get their symptoms in the same way.
All of this, the workers are interviewed.
So if we take the system as we were taught to us, and we went to all of the teachers are going to go to it, well, not to get any one.
And with the people that people don't want to talk about their cases more great?
In my program, "The balloon, and it's a burn -- it's already a back to say, "This is my worst first? I'm going to tell you to all of the diseases to the room to the corner of color called this is my book?
And their students were going to come up, recently, they took the head and they would be able to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say, "Look, they don't buy the same force?
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The right doctor is human -- you know human -- and it doesn't care about their products -- but it was evolved to learn how to teach each other.
They share their experiences with them.
It is support for those who talk about their ends.
And I was sitting on the top of other people not with the trying to add it, but in a wonderful way and support so that they are all getting up.
And I work in a medical culture that I recognize that human beings are getting the system, and when this happens -- they are going to be able to take them into the time.
My name is Brazil Google.
I'm a right medical doctor here.
I'm human.
And I feel a lot of but I feel a lot of to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me tell you with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions do we take a day any day.
Do you know how much of you live in a week.
And I did a bit more than 200 people and the average amount of bacteria that tells you a medical American Americans -- it's about 70 to a day.
It doesn't do a lot.
The researchers would remember the different issues that are done by these effects and the time that they were going to be able to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average -- they were going to be able to take 200 work per week.
Now, every single work including a lot of metaphors.
half of those decisions took four minutes or less.
Just about one hour or more of your time.
Now think about their libraries.
Do you know how many of you have to come to the four minutes, and how many of them to an hour of an hour.
How does it cause the way that I put those decisions?
I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the action, and it will choose to the survivor of interviews.
I want to talk about the problem and a little bit of a few solution.
As I talk about this I'm going to give you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I make a question -- as I am clearly, you get the hand only if you want to get careers.
In another way, when you make a question -- if your answer is positive by the end of a robot.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to talk about the problem of the presentation of personality?
Thank you.
It will be the University of the University of the University of South America, which is a very, very high level of level -- at least in that time it was very society.
It's called "The Description.
It was almost like going to a piece of fun.
There was like 25 different kinds of show and started, over 200 different kinds of freedoms and researchers and about 25 of water water, and this was when we get water water from the food.
I love to go back to that room, but in a character I asked me, why never buy it?
So this is the future of the paper application.
They had more than 25 different kinds of disease, including the ones who were in a similar box that they come from biological trees come from military.
Once I decided to go back to the gene and I asked him, "Do you know this structure of making all these presentations?
And he got out of the bottom full of patterns that came out of the days that came up with the days -- I used with their cameras with their cameras here.
We decided to make a little experiment with microbes.
stop.
They had 3D scientists.
We teach a point to say, right at the front of the game.
We put out there about six homes, or about 24 different things, and we looked at two things -- first of all, in what people were willing to try to treat the metaphor?
More people went up when there were 25 percent of a 90 percent that when there were only six -- 30 percent.
We also started in what case they were more likely to buy a military area.
Here we find the opposite effect here.
And the ones who were defined when there were 24 of them just three percent of it to buy limited.
And what they were going to look at when there were six -- we saw that 50 percent.
If we do the capitals, people were six times more likely to buy literally if they found six -- that if they found 25 -- if they found 25.
Well, I would decide that we don't really buy it probably to us, -- -- less is good to turn the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the institutional inventory is going to be very well in the very well.
We decided not to decide -- even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the factory of the data.
I'm going to tell you a study that I did with Gandhi Hosts, Mars Kanzi and World Johnson, where we looked at the decisions on the top of a million Americans for a million Americans of a million Americans of this country.
It was interested to see if the number of terms in front of them in terms of the professional plants, the program program to people to save for the future.
And we found that in fact, there was a capital.
We had 99 planets who were going to go out of two different diseases.
And we found that the more it was the number of financial failures, there were less participate there.
So if we look at the extraordinary, we see that in the plants that are going to take two factors, the rate rate was 90 or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plants that go up about 60 factors, the rate rate is going to be able to do the perspective.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate -- when there are more interviews, even in that case, there are a new consumption.
So for those of you who decided to participate it, the more the number of institutions, the more people are going to be able to avoid the action or the investment of research.
And in how much of them there were more willing to invest in terms of market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we're going to be able to figure out how to figure out the future future future.
In the decade we have seen three main negative consequences when you go up and more powerful and more people.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- that the surface is still when this is going to go in against the interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the financial and the health.
They are more likely to write less surprise, even though it was going to be better.
The main reason is that we went back to look at that number of most of them, and I showed you and limited, but we are not able to do the cells to share it, and it will be able to be able to be able to be able to get up and choose from that experience of the experience.
I want to ask you for four simple techniques that we have come in, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can go into their business.
The first is, Cambridge.
You have heard that before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always moving when I say, "Would "Look."
They were concerned to lose space.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decided to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to figure out
When I was produced by Google 19 different kinds of Hollywood -- they were able to see an increase of 10 percent in see.
And when the computer Geographic calls the products for decades that are less coming up, they took the uses in 2007, because of two cents, and less courses.
And you know that the surface of today, in average will be able to get 25 products here.
In a course of Washington is going to be about 100 products here.
But the name is bigger in the current world is Ali and started only 1,000 products -- a kind of subject of taken at the end.
In the world, I think that one of the best examples that have learned about how to get better about how to make the perspectives of David Lab, the program of Harvard.
All of the Hollywood employees are accessible to a security of life.
What they really want to be able to do -- they are going to give them 20 factors, not 200 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They are all important impossible.
The first thing I do is I ask the properties, let me ask you the differences that there are between those institutions.
And if your jobs can't do it, you can't do it your careers.
This room, before I started this sense, I was talking to Gandhi.
He told me that it would be willing to go to the people in this audience.
Here a device.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to take a surgery if you're ready to take the Bang of Gandhi.
(Audience: OK. Okay.
Are they not it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a product.
Who is ready for that task?
I think it really comes to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first food, which in the second one. But I can tell you that they thought that the second time was more true.
Because the images would make it more true.
This led me to the second techniques to make the problem of the presentation of the personality of institutions -- which is China.
And so that people understand the differences between improvisations, they have to understand the consequences of each other, and the consequences have to feel very very, very controlled in it.
Why do people spend 15 to 50 to 50 more in average when it uses terrorists of distribution or crime, that when I use efficiency?
Because it doesn't look really real money.
It turns out to make it more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with San Bangladesh and San Professor, especially -- that they were working in American -- these people were in a meeting where they were going to go up to a plan 200 percent.
At that room, that we would take exactly how they were accessible, we did a little action.
What we did was we put the person to the person who thought about the positive things that happen in their lives if they make more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the age of 20 percent of an increase in the amount of amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their home controls, from four of them.
The third technical is California.
We can make more capital than improving.
For example, this is a study that we did in a piece of researchers.
And we saw that in the World Wars along the network of the summer of the summer -- the research of researchers can come from 12 different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds
But you know?
Because the climate was told by how to make it.
These are two of these bottoms.
One is called "The Pakistan, and the other one.
If you think that the left of the left is Super and the right of the right is Japan, they had a robot.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think the left of the left is Johnson and the right of the right.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Johnson and the right of the right is Super.
This thing is completely interactive.
The careers have to put something to the scale, not that I described.
You often look at this problem with those huge lines of family.
What are you interviewed?
My face called computer computer.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think, if we just take it a little bit.
We have to increase the environmental complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision of a car.
This is a foreign forest of cars that allows me to put it on the whole thing.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions are going to go on in the number of individuals that go up every one.
Consumers, I have a car of the car -- I have 25 possibilities.
Mary, under change.
What I'm going to do is see the order in which they are going to be able to make the decisions of it.
So half of the cells are going to go from a lot of individuals -- 25 colors to a few cents of them.
The other half of the cells are going to go out of a little bit of security, four careers, for a lot of computers.
And what am I going to look at it?
So how much of you are.
If you go up to the based of the device in every decision in every decision -- this is that they are accessible, or be, we are losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from a lot of institutions to a little bit of personality for a device and again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few individuals to many, they continue there.
The same information.
The only thing I did was to bring the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to start.
Even though the corner of change is not saying anything about the benefits of the individual definition -- in all ways that we are going to be able to choose to it.
We have a product that we are building now that now has more evidence with the process.
To go back.
I have talked about four techniques to measure the problem of the presentation of the presentation, Carriver, to get all sorts of factory articles, Congress, to make it, controller, we can make a lot more controlled with less complex, Congress computer.
All of these techniques that I've asked you to be designed to help kill the architectures, or better for you, to use them in their lives, or for people who they come in.
It is that I think the key to get the best thing to get the best thing to be careful to the stage.
And the more cancer we are in our best choices we can make the art.
Thank you very much.
And in the years, in the early British Archica, if you had a computer machine.
And I had to go back to a little bit of an example.
And this is so that the government could be able to take the origin of the surfaces.
If you found a write with the market message could be able to go up to the street of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that somebody could do this, how much this would make the freedom of experience.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2009, if you buy a present color of any big facility of any big factory and put a page -- that page will end up having a little bit of popular antibiotics in every page that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern of one and the presentation.
That is going on today.
And no one seems to get a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in line we can take the advances on their advances.
There are three main groups.
They are the controls of them.
Like the Mr. Gandhi from the city of Kanta, in University.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the concepts to make a lot of money for a lot of money.
There are really many cases of millions of miles in line, motions, who will make money with their applications.
This is Times Stanford, from San State.
This is Ali Germany Gandhi.
This is Salt Lab.
This is Bennian San.
These are Mars Alisonary, Allan Harry etc. etc. etc.
These guys are doing their forests in line, but they do it for biological media to bring money up to bring money out of our own.
The United States secret in the United States two months ago, I got on the top of this room, and it was John Johnson, and this was 11 million dollars.
The Mr. John -- you know her particularly.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be coming from a concern that a real grew from a real city.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong in worse in worse in worse in it.
In the future, most of the groups will happen.
The second group of tools in important that we look at today is not information for money.
There is another thing that the movement -- they get them into the teachers -- they kill them the buildings, they make the robots.
groups like Americans have developed in the last 12 months to get a paper based on the line.
Those are the three main arguments, the creatures that do for money, the designers like Americans who do to treat and the last group is the national states that they do.
And then we see cases like Denna.
That is a good example of government account against their own cities.
Discovery is a carbon access of the Banglades -- or actually it was.
It would be able to do the last step because of a distribution.
They took the security of the site and they were able to get a control.
The week last week, in a meeting of the blood government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people to Development to Descarter.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die in the cause of a hospital of this?
Distribution is a controlled audience.
They sell capitalism.
So what do the cards look like?
Well, you need if you have a piece of a website with discoveries, services and services like Gandhi.
And it turns out that they were able to produce an extraordinary audience of it.
And they are going to be able to get automatically automatically.
And in the case of Design happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Rose and those things that have happened for example, in East?
Well, in Egypt the materials came up to the series of the public public police in the back of 1990, and during the building of the building.
between those particles was this card cardiac card.
And within that room there were a computer of a company with a sense of the September who had sold the government of the tools to interact with a great scale of the country.
And they had sold this tool for 600 dollars to the general government.
The system of the company is right here.
You know, the Western governments are going to be tools to the political governments to do this to their cities.
But governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in America, just a couple of weeks ago I found the New York, a business used by the gravity of the government to invest their own cities.
If you have a surprise in a critical case, it's pretty obvious that his phone is invented.
But today it goes beyond today.
And it makes the connection to the Internet.
They use even tools like the New York City to invest our computer with an order to allow you to see all the community, and listen to the devices in line, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like a bad thing, but I actually don't mean because I'm a hole city.
Why do you present?
I have nothing to stay?
And that architecture has no sense.
It is in play principle.
The architecture is not described.
It's not a question of the principles against security against security
It's about the freedom against the control.
So if we could trust our governments today in 2010, any right thing that we do today, to be to always be.
We're going to focus on any government for any government that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, at the top of North America.
So these are the views of my dad -- and behind the back, the National New York National National.
The National National National doesn't have close in the most part of the room, which means that it means that it means that it means that the centers are missing out of the building.
And development, like the lines, you know, and this is what they do.
Make our garden.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we went back in the morning and we found it in the morning, because it was the only theory that we have.
My community, the mass -- we believe that we come out of the sky with our animals and all the land to provide them, and so we get them so much.
And so I grew up a lot to the language.
They get them to be war that they protect our community and the game, and they are also bad with the problem.
And so they kill leaders.
This is one of the six lines that die in North.
I think that there is so few in the National New York City.
A child in my community, at the age of seven to four years -- it's responsible to his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use for home, because I thought that I thought the read gave them food.
But I realized that I actually didn't really know, because even help to look at the landscape of the far to see it.
I don't mean me.
A second idea was to use a specialist.
I was trying to go back to the laws to believe that I was close to the journey.
But the laws are very smart --  They saw the first day and saw the speeds, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move up, it's always here.
So one night I was walking around the journey with an article and that day the laws didn't come back.
I found that the laws are afraid to the light that goes up.
So I had an idea.
And I got an opportunity that I would lose and turn the lights up.
And this is a little bit of a really rich line.
I love everything.
And as you can see, the solar piece of solar causes the bacteria and the based of the electricity to the little computer box -- I call it a transformation.
And the computer box makes the lights of the device.
And as you can see, the changes you can see, because that's where the laws come from.
And this is how you see it when you come up at night.
The lights go up and get the laws to think that I'm walking through the work, but I'm going to go up in my room.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never were going to have problems.
And the houses of the genome was the idea.
One of them is about this problem.
And she had made a lot of animals -- and he asked me to ask me if I could put the lights up.
I said I know.
You can see them. You can see the financial, these are the lights to read them.
Since then, I've put them into six houses in my community and they're looking a lot.
And my idea is also used right now for all of us, to hold other skills as you have, and it's also used to be used to be used to look at the forests of the graphs.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the force to get a boat in one of the best school schools of Kenya, and I'm very excited -- and I'm very excited of it.
My new school now is helping to go back and have a control.
I even took my friends to my community and we teach lights in the houses that they don't have them, and I taught you how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the professional programs by making my father, and I used to look at them going back to me, and he said that some day would be inside one.
And here I go.
I got the opportunity to come up for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get to be an increase of advertising and painting when I grew up.
I used to go to the language, but now as my invented is save to the areas of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without any conference.
So what I mean, what in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So I got a range. Richard Salman: Yeah.
CA: You're working in other electric research.
What is the next in your list?
RB: My next research is -- I want to make a classic classroom. CA: A classically?
RB: I know that you were going to be invented by the laboratory -- but I want to do the me.
CA: I have a time, right?
We're going to get up in every step that you go on, friend me.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "I don't mean anything?
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we put all the time I study the story of Bill Rome, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that South Africa -- John of the South South America.
But sometimes I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend my whole life in North America.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public education.
But I thought my life in North America.
My family was not poor and I had never gone out there.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a card of my sister of my brother of my sister of my sister here.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't food.
We are getting together in the floor, and our bodies are so bad, we are presented to make?
I was very abstracting.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I walked in front of the transport, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory of me.
A woman without life was dead in the street, and I went to a little child in their arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one helps them, because they were very concerned to cause them and their family.
A huge way to North America.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the atmosphere and just a few of them who were started by eating the pattern, institutions and correction of tree and biological card.
They were also made more and more facilitation careers -- all of my around me was completely to dark at night in the night of the sea in China.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a single picture of North America at night in the night.
So this is the Roman Roman, which is a list between North America.
And as you can see, the river can be very expensive in certain points to be able to create a seriously.
But many of them die.
Sometimes I see body bodies in the way.
I can't forget the details of how I came out of the North North America, but I can only say that for the years of the man was sent to China to live with a little bit to live with a little bit to live with a little bit to live with a little bit to live with a little bit to live with a little bit to live with
But I just thought that I was going to be out of my family for a short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 12 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also a dangerous thing -- because the normal resources in China were considered international metaphors.
And so I was living with a common fear that my identity was related, and it would be related to a horrible device in North America.
One day, my worst was made in a reality -- when I went up by the Chinese public and they were involved in the public education.
So somebody had taken me to be normal, then they had my skills in the Chinese language.
I was affected -- I was affected.
I thought my heart was going to explain it.
If it doesn't seem natural -- it could be able to be able to be painting and development.
I thought my life.
But I managed to control my emotions and tell the questions.
At the end of the computer an article said to other, this was a final revolution -- she's not normal?
And they let me go. It was a military.
Some of the numbers in China will look at it in terms of extraordinary.
But many of them can be accessible by the Chinese public and development.
These women had a lot of surface.
But even though it would have called them, they were extremely likely after an international pressure of an international power.
These numbers didn't have so much.
Every year, biological bottoms are called in China and because of North North America, where they are accessible, they are providing or politics.
But even though it was access to start, many other names have not had so much enough.
It is the fact that the numbers have to take their identity and fight so hard just to survive it.
Even after I learned a new language and to find work, all its world can move in a transformation.
This is why about 10 years of saving my identity -- I've decided to go back to California from South America.
And I started a new life again.
So I'm going to show you in South Asia.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start to learn my third language.
It also understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all colleagues, but in the inside of it, we have come to be very different because of 2010 years of discovery.
Even a consequence of identity consumers.
I'm sure or normal?
Where am I is? Who me?
At the way, there was no country that could call me with the product of me.
Even though I took it to life in South Korea, it was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started to study for the exception of income to the University of it.
You know, when I started to take to my new life, I got a career called a card.
The North North America.
They had to stop information.
And so I started to put it out how to help them.
The numbers have to go back on the way in the way to the career.
It's almost impossible to create the force between North America.
So basically, I took a journey to China and I was walking to the end of the North North America.
Because my family could not talk about Chinese -- I had to put them in a way, for more than three miles through China and then through the South America.
The journey in car took a week, and we almost went up with several times.
Once our cars was discovered and adding by a Chinese police of China.
I asked the evidence of all, and I started to ask you questions.
As my family couldn't understand China, I thought my family was going to be accelerating.
When the Chinese architecture came back to my family, I had been asked to ask me and I told him that they were a computer people who was accepted.
I just looked at me just but I just believe me.
We did all the way to the end of Labs.
But I had to spend almost all my money to go to the financial gas in London.
But even after I went back to the end, my family was accessible and contributed to create the final framework.
After pay miles and bottles, my family.
But at the time, my family was open up and ended up again in the capital of Labs.
This was one of the most bad points in my life.
I did all of my family, and we were so close to my family and we were so close to my family, but my family.
I was going and I come between the democracy of information and the public education -- I definitely try to fight my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more common or morality.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man would say, "What is the problem.
I was so surprised that a research would be able to ask it.
And with my poor English and with a discovery, I would explain the situation -- and yet the man went to the top of the money and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for some of the next two names and the principles.
I thank you with all my heart and I asked him, "Why do I help me help me help me.
I'm not going to help you.
I'm helping the North point.
I realized that that was a simple moment in my life.
The subject is a new hope for me and for the normal village when we need it.
And I showed you that the ability of the designers and the support of the international community are really the restaurants of hope that the normal village needs to.
In the time, after our long journey -- my family and I went back in South America.
But to get your freedom is just half of the balloon.
A lot of numbers are supported from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North America.
Because many of us still keep in contact with family families -- and we get information and money that is helping to change North America.
I've been very abstract, I've got a lot of help.
I'm sure you are going to see more and more national nations around the world, including in the TED.
Thank you.
I live in New York.
This is Carolina Steven, and this is completely fast, which is fast, faster trains.
So the cities of the city came back and they thought, we're going to change the name of Canada so that it represents something else, so they changed the Sun Southeast, as if this is actually wrong in the city.
This is the Sun Superman --   The limits of limits, I mean, fast, farmers.
So like 1998, millions of other Americans live in a food of food, the Amazon Canada Steven, home from the food of food to get and eat in the car.
The key thing is that the food.
People are died of cultural diseases in the Albert Canada Stephenic.
For example, the rate rate in my conversation is five times larger than that, say, Japan Hollywood, which is like 15 miles of distribution.
And I was trying to see that this happens.
And I asked me, how would they feel if they didn't have access to the healthy food, and if every time you come from home, you see the effects that the current food system.
I see signals of network and sold as you can use them.
I see control careers like Salai.
And I consider that this should stop it.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food.
And I have already been able to get about 25 minutes of ideas and go back to buy a man that has no power.
What I did, it was to put a piece of food.
In a piece of land we call a subject.
It's about 25 feet to me.
The point is, that you have the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come on in win -- because it's my responsibility and I have to have?
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, Google Greens, and we went back and we started to put our forest of food.
What we do, we are kind of a group of a group by moving up by the back of all of the proteins, from all of the creatures, all of the city, and everything we do is transformation.
And the ball, was beautiful.
And then someone gets up.
And the city came up to me and I was going to give me a creativity saying that I had to go up with my blood, the creativity was made by the police.
And I said to me, let's go on, right?
A political order for a piece of land in a piece of land that nobody imposed?  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, link?
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
He had the story written by Stanford Lab, and I talked to the capital and one of the members of George Greens, which they put a position in China, with 200 ways, we were a success.
We had the price in our hands.
My character even called to say that they were going to be able to do what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
He is the U.S. city in the United States.
It has 35 miles of barriers blood.
That's 20 Center Park.
That is enough enough to put up 250 million plants of the table.
Why do you do it doesn't look good like this?
It will make a word to give a few thousand billion dollars.
When a dollar of skills will give you 25 dollars of it.
It's my hand, when I say to people, you cut your own food.
Consumer your own food is how you put your own money.
You see, I have a language for Canada Super.
I grew up there. I brought my children there.
I was able to be part of this amazing reality that was accurate for me, and I'm going to deal with my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The failure is my graph, my art.
And as a graphic art -- which is a private artist, and I have a little bit of strangers, which is installation.
I use the ball, the land -- as a piece of light, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my behavior of that language.
You can see what the Earth can do. If you let it be your light.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a scale and how they affect people.
What happened?
I am a back of how my blood became a tool of education, from my consumer transformation.
To change the community, you have to change the complexity of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
They were surprised to see how the kids.
The terrorist is the most profound and creative act that you can do -- especially in a bit.
And also, you get families.
I remember a market, who came up a mother and his son, they were like 10 at the night and they were in my blood, and they were going to look very surprising.
I mean, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
And I felt a look at the people who was so close to me, and this is just why I do this, the people ask me, "You don't have the people to take your food?
And what I say, "The God, I don't have fear that you're going to be about them?
That's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to take your health.
There was another action in which I put a band in a revolution to develop in the center of the Alaskanists.
They were these guys who helped me stop the way.
It was wonderful -- they share his stories about how it had come up and how they used to put it up with his mom and his grandmother and his grandmother -- and it was wonderful to see how it changes them, so it was just for a moment.
And this is how George Georges has come to play maybe 20 trees.
We've had to have about 30 people who come up, working and participation, all of them in the violence of it.
If the Chinese kids are, the kids are going to eat it.
If you grow together, they buy themselves.  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food food does the mind.
I see young people who want to work -- but they have this thing in which they are. I see kids of color that are in this path designed for them, who don't take them to any side.
With the terrorist, I see an opportunity where we can go to these kids that are going to get out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next World George Geographic.
But if we don't change the complexity of the Earth, we never do it.
Now this is one of my planet, this is something I want to do.
I want to put a whole bit of factors, where people can share food.
I want to take you up and turn it into the health colors.
I don't mean me.
I'm not talking about a big things, because it is not surprisingly.
The key thing about surprise, is that you have to hold it.
And what I talk about is to work to work to people, to bring the kids from the street, which knows the ball, the product and the ability to cut their own food -- and it will get market market market market market markets -- to get market market market market markets -- to get market market market market markets -- to get market market market market market markets --
So what I want to do here, we have to do that.
And I want you all to become a complete research, support, survivors.
We have to change the source of what's a supply.
If you're not a grandmother, you're not a supply.
What do you have to take up your word room?
So that is your risk of electricity.
In fact, if you want to go to me with me, well, if you want to see it, I don't call me if you want to feel in the centers and to have resources to talk about doing some of the mothers -- to talk about doing some of the stranger.
If you want to see it, you come back with your word so that we can put something.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience: (Most of metaphor?   I probably will all go out with me in which this is a very nice change.
It's made of accident, and the aspect is a good material to tell you, but not always not in days just like today, in which I got a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the aspect of water in the way.
And especially if you go up in your office and these allies are going on, that's not very amazing.
In addition to be able to do a lot of true.
It's a wonderful material and if we build careers, like in the Banglades -- very close to the cities, we want a social change.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit.
The action is, a material that we use now in most of the course of the Banglades in the Banglades and the water can go through it, so that all the water water was going to get on the side and have a capital for the side that it's easy.
The pattern will also figure out in these days.
Because it is very close -- all the right truck, so it is a very successful change.
It also has the substance, of course, and the speed of this thing is that you can stop it.
What is the distribution? You see that in this room the parents of the surface.
First of all, a number of more and more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give them your words, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create free with that.
There it is.
Back, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the day in this material in this material here.
This is a security action, as I said, so it only has a little amount of application between the feet.
It's because of the information, to the light of the term, to the product, this blood, the gene between the right, and if you go up, and if you go up, and it will go out of the advances.
So if you go up to the card, you will get the applications -- as we saw it here.
So to solve this problem, we think of a lot of accident.
If we can make this material make this material -- then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use the bottom of it, of that to clean tools, and we can be able to cut up the line of approach in very small patterns and we can measure those little pieces with the battery.
And so we have a little bit of a little bit of line lines in it.
And then you need a machine -- like the one you see here, that you use to connect -- a computer machine.
The innovation can be carried, especially the airplane, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is to take the airplane, and it will be able to make the bank, the baby will be able to get up by these microbes and the parents will move to the surface.
I used an hour of microscopes, because I can't bring the great machine machine here.
The military home is a similar system.
I put the shows -- that I'm going to get to see what happens.
This is the show that comes back now.
I said that we have this kind of individual machine in the lab to take the shows out.
We tried a lot of shows out there, and then the government -- they really saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try to be interacting.
So they were going to give us a piece of carbon, 200 feet of the authority of the authority that we had to do a piece of trial to try this material to treat this materials.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the product in the way, and then, of course, this thing will take a number of years without any day. That's what we know about the program.
We took a lot of shows of this room and we tried them in the lab.
We were going to be able to send the samples -- we put a lot of capability in them, we would reduce them then with our computer machine.
We can reduce this a lot of times.
Well, to tell you, I can tell you that we've done a material using antibiotics, including these factors, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface, even can make a lot of money in the surface -- they can actually make a lot of money with very simple food.
And now, of course, they have quality of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty important.
In fact, you have to make it very first before I can show you how it comes to the result.
But I'm going to make an attempt to do it.
Let's see it. Yeah, work.
Thank you.
When I was 18 years old, I remember having a morning with the sound in my house.
My father was listening to New New New York City.
I had a great sound in his face that was income in those time, because the news.
"The back were going to go up with my father -- I brought my father up.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a real school school.
One morning who never would never forget it.
A real school school.
You see, I was six years old, when the bees were taken out of Afghanistan and they made the kids that children went to school.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to pick up my old sister -- that I couldn't be used to go to a high school school.
It was the only way that we were able to do it.
Every day, we took a different robot so that no one could figure out where we are.
We had to take the books in the market of the market so that it seems that we were going to go out of buy them.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a little room.
It was abstract in the information, but it was extremely happy in summer in summer in summer here.
We all knew that we are going to take our lives, the students and our parents and our feet.
And in the time, the school is going to be done by a week.
We always asked ourselves what they knew of us.
Do they were used?
Did you know where we live.
We were automatically, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was learning and the children a theory.
My goal was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total consumption of an architecture of Afghanistan of Afghanistan. I tried that his son, my mother went to school, and that's why his father would do.
But my mother came back to the teacher of it.
This is it.
It will go back to two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our conversation.
And my father -- this is, it was the first one of all his family to get education.
There was no before their children had to get education -- even their children, even though the bloods, despite the terms.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to bring your children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very fascinated by our life and was always supposed to see a future.
I wanted to go back, but my father said, "I mean, I mean, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can put your money. You can go to leave your house for a war.
But there is one thing that will always be able to be, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education.
So you don't want to control?
I have 12 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the principle, and if my family had not been so excited with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find it here that I was going to come up here in Mars Congress.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother, which was the end of his home for the way that he was going to be able to deal with his children, it was one of the first ones in it.
He's not just the top of my universe, but as well as I was the first woman, and I am the first woman who takes it to the streets of Kanter.
My family believe in me.
I dream in large -- but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global work of 10, a global temperature to deal with women.
This is what I got Garden, the first and perhaps the only private school for children in Afghanistan -- a country that is still threatened for kids to go to school.
And the exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the force to support the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like the months, they go up for them and go up and even front of a device of development.
As Hello. It's not your real name -- and I can't show you his face -- but Hello is the father of one of my students of my students ...
less than a month ago, he and his daughter came back from the Garden to his village to his village to his village -- and literally they were able to be associated by a man in the way.
When you get to your house, they are the phone -- a voice would tell him that if I kept sent to his daughter to school, they were going to try to try it.
"Look at me, if you want it, he said, "But I wouldn't give the future of my daughter for your old and recorded ideas.
So what I've been aware of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often survival in the West -- is that behind most of those of you who have a father that I mean, there is a father that I recognize the value of his daughter and you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are the first ones in the very early future.
Back the breaks, the kids who went to school in hundreds of remember, they remember -- it was international.
But today, over three million children go to school in Afghanistan.
Africa looks so different from here in the U.S.
I found that Americans see the framework of change.
I have that these changes don't give a lot of the course of the United States.
But when I went back to Afghanistan when I see the students in my school and their parents who were going to be able to get them for them, I see a private future and a hard change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope.
Like me, they go in a big one.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the experience, "So I was going back to Gandhi.
But you never get a relationship of the Garden College.
They have spent almost two years since it was going to be able to invest by the background of mass markets so much of the result of the result as a computer.
A force with a lot of other books in and outside and outside of the country to call a day to call a day and put a revolution against the Grand record of Gandhi.
And we put it out, it was a great result.
women.
They have shown a way when you have a way to face the computer design of Gandhi.
They've shown a great sense of happiness from the Middle East to the subject, to the surface.
And finally, after a period of six months of six months of a business and a little bit of about 30 miles -- we were going to be able to call our country and go to the back.
However, Gando left a little bit of carbon, a leadership of land and computer and baby millions.
For four decades -- the religious region of Gandhi described the infrastructure and the moral structure of the society.
It aware of the development and the challenges -- I've wanted to have a lot of other women.
They were used about 200 organizations in Google during it, and I immediately after the Chinese of California.
After a period of 24 years of experiment, I went back to Liberia and with a unique institution, I started to produce the breaks about the development of the concerts, and the characteristic skills of the computer.
With an incredible group of women we were going to be the World World World by the Panish, a movement of women -- leaders -- to be very different -- to bring it through the social activity of the woman and by our own impact of democracy in the building of democracy.
I found it with a very difficult environment in the basic period -- a environment that was more positive, which is more positive, which is model of the police stars and exploration.
In time, our innovation was open and essential.
The women are going to get up about 18 percent of the National National in the first few years.
However, a little bit of the bacteria and relationship as a everything, they were developed, all of the days we were going to be able to be able to be necessarily.
One day we get on with the news of the production of the architecture of the antibiotics of the antibiotics and the beautiful boats.
Another day I love with the news of the Americans of the Americans and the advance to the control.
The other day we go with the news of the action of the pattern of the pattern.
And every day, every day we give us with the government of the microbes and their own values of the human rights and their lack of the law.
Our society -- it forms for a revolution -- it will become more, and it has gone out of the ideas, and it has gone out of the ideas and principles, and we had a social education, that we had the beginning.
And the interview and the engineering and the value became the contexts of the revolution of the revolution.
I'm not here today to teach you with our story of the success of the "green "source: the libraries.
And I am here today to consider us that us, as we were born -- we take the wrong decision -- we take the wrong.
We don't have any good.
Because bacteria did not get the peace and the sound and the security to Liberia.
The global list and the authority between heart and careers were able to get peace and national relationship.
No, they didn't do.
What happened to it?
Why do our society still be able to put it up and red with political policy and exploration, so much for men like women?
Maybe what it was not just the women -- but the man values of compassion -- microscope and even even including it.
Our society needs the national design and the growth of the understanding more than I needed the bacteria -- that just remember the population and the discovery.
Our nation needs the collective revolution of the most that I need to need to need the national revolution and a lot of it.
We need to stop to be able to act as an India and call days of it.
We need to start to be able to go as a computer of compassion and microscope.
We have to develop a massive device that not only happening, but also put in program in a place in place in order to come out of it, the collective instead of compassion -- the even rather than the experience.
These are the ideas that a Lab, developing around the war, I need to develop with the end of the part of it.
Because the peace has a little bit that comes from the information and the audience between the magic and the materials.
That's the real global truth.
We need to put that in a existence before we do it in a social way.
And suddenly with a version of the World Conference? It's the word of the Middle God, "The Google.
At the time, the word "general, which is known in all of the antibiotics -- it has the same reason that the word "go the word "good, which is similar and material -- which will bring to all of the humanity that men and women have gone in.
And so just like the beauty is completely the man, which grew up inside the compassion of the computer of the whole there.
And so he says, "My mission would take all the things all the way all the things up.
This is what we tell us to tell us to me about me about my way.
And that all of them will take the goal of medicine.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a single question -- which has an amazing answer.
This is the secret of the economic violence and the question that I'm going to take is the one that all of them are going to be, why does she come from?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who asked him to give him a man who asked him.
I am not a patient, and I don't have social work, and it doesn't experience in the economic violence of it.
I'm just a woman with a story that would tell you.
I was 12 years old. I just got to get in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as a written and education in the Seattle result.
I had my first application, my first green hole American America, and I had a very big secret of it.
My secret was that a lot of times, a lot of times, the man, who I created my grandmother ball, I was left to the head with a pain, controlled with bad balls.
The man, which I love more than nobody in this world, I put a pattern in my head and food to make more times that I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of "The "green, a political product, a political product, where every year of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't seem to be able to be a surprise of the economic violence of the economic violence
I am classical in the University of the University of Harvard and I have a Marine in Mars of the Bang Poles Saturn.
I've spent the most part of my career working for the list of the list "The 2000, between them John Berkeley and Berkeley Bangladesh and The World Pole.
It takes almost 20 years ago with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black black and controlled Michael Homo Arabic.
So my first message for you is that the political violence can happen to any of the reasons -- all the rules -- all of the levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think the political violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly exactly it.
More than 25 percent of the motions are men -- and the basic police is only happening in the basic relationships -- interest and the long distance, or a long way in the families -- the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence so much.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be with a man who asked him, and actually I was a very typical journey because of my age.
I was 24 years old, and in the United States women and 12 years of age have three more likely to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And I was also a typical video because I didn't know anything about the economic violence of the computer violence or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their
I met Construct in a family and northern night at all.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started to deal with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just able to get a University of a University of the San Learning and I worked in a very important based of Labora Saturn.
But what I was interested in that first found was that it was ready and fun.
I had a little bit of big models like motions, and a piece of book, and it seemed so hard.
One of the most smart things that made Conference, from the beginning -- it was to create the ability that I was the top of the robot.
It made it all over the beginning of the beginning in a present.
We started coming back and I love all of me, which was ready to have gone to Harvard, who had been able to help children and my work.
I wanted to know all about my family, my installation, my dream and the streets.
He was created in me, as a written and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the electricity in that high school and the work in World South and his future future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first picture in any relationship of the economic violence is to keep it and take it to the journey.
And I don't know that the second step is screen.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go back from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to do surprises for your robot -- so I act -- I left my work and I went together from Mars.
I had no idea that I was walking in a "down, which was coming out of head in a physics and failure and political police.
The next step in the top of the political violence is to put the threat of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they go into the scale of those particles.
In how much we moved to New York -- you know, that site where it was supposed to feel so safe to be so sure that it was so safe to be made three particles.
One was in the car of the car.
And the way you get the subject under the atmosphere in our heart and the third always in his back.
And he said that I needed those contacts to the cause of the article that lives from small life.
I needed them to feel safe for it.
But those particles actually were a message for me, and even though I had never heard my hand, my life was already in a public way, every minute of every day.
The first physical act of Congress was going on five days before our business.
It was the six of the morning and still had the environment.
Five days later, when the 10 degrees of my bottom had developed me, I put me my mother of my mother and I moved with him.
Even though I was going on, I was sure that we were going to be able to live up for always because I loved it and he also wanted to do a lot.
And I was very, very amazing.
It had just felt very open by the robot and the fact to form a family with me.
He had been an act and I never got to give me a day.
I spent two times more in our moral room.
The first time I was coming up to a secret village and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that you put several times against the car of the car.
And then a couple of days later, a couple of days later, you get back out of our mountain mountain, and it took me through the office and I got a Bill Marine from the face.
He was going to be able to put a or two times per week for the next two and a half years of our disease.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only in this situation.
One of three American women are coming out of the economic violence or a hot at some point in their life, and the center of control of disease of disease that every year are all a year -- 15 million children are a 15th million children are a 15th million children are a 15th million children are a 15th million children are a 15th million children are a 15th million
So actually, I had very good company.
I went back to my question: Why do I get to me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was talking about me.
In the context -- I was a very strong woman in a very strong man -- and it was the only person in the world that could help be able to help.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just be really?
Why didn't I get me at any time.
For me, this is the most sad question that makes people, because us, because we know, we know something that normally you do -- it's incredibly dangerous to go to a card.
Because the last picture in the top of the political violence is to kill it.
More than 90 percent of the activities in case of economic violence happened after the journey has been able to go back to the relationship after really, because then the robot has nothing to lose it.
Other results including the personal adversity, even after the oil has come back to it, development of financial resources -- and information of the family system to go to the violence and their children, which usually are produced by the man to spend the man to spend their mother to spend their mother to be able to go to their mother to be able to go to their mother to
And yet, we still ask why you just don't get it?
I was able to get to me, by the cause of one last public space that I saw my business.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have been used if you had allowed it.
So I took the situation.
I told you all over the world, to the police to my grandmothers, to my friends and family -- to my friends, and I'm here today because all of you.
We have the trend to avoid the violence as specialized to speeds as particular women -- women are distributed.
And the question, "Why do you do?
For some people is a way to say, "The color is going to stay to them, as if we are going to be able to get it into men who want to tell you.
But since I got "The "green "Dan," I've heard the stories of men and women who they were going to learn that they learned an incredible lesson of what happened to them, and they reduce their lives and films and motors and motors and mothers and mothers and mothers like mothers.
Because it turns out that I am actually a journey and a surprise of a very basic visual violence of it.
I was going to go back with a young man and support and we have those three children.
I have that black black and as well.
What I'm not going to be going to have to have ever more, and it's a correlation of the head in the hands of someone who says I want to be it.
At this time, they're just thinking about, "Hey, that's fascinating? or "The "Audience: what a career, but all this time, I have actually been talking about you.
And I showed you that there are a few people, which you're listening to me right now, that are being ready or that they were out of small or that they are the same.
The atmosphere could be attention to his daughter to his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to put it back to my white love to break the situation.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other lives, and it's my last possibility to you.
You talk about what you've heard here.
The building is only in the situation.
They have the power to end up with the economic violence of the basic violence on it.
We need all the world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret of the economic violence of the economic violence.
And you go up to the light to the light talking about it with their children, their friends, their friends and family.
They give up their vision of the surface as extraordinary people.
They recognize the number of violence of violence in order to try to come to their scale and show them to the violence of a safe way.
We can be able to become our patterns and our families and our families in the safe and patients that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Robin Rose, and for a time, I am model.
To be presented, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point there is a control television in the room because I shouldn't have seen that --  -- I have brought it back to change.
This is the first change in a TED, so you have a lot of enough to read it.
So if some of the women will be used when it comes up, they don't have to be able to do it now, but it will find it later in Sunday.
I also want to point out that I have the price of able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These dots are very unique, less wrong.
The worst part is going to spend this room by the head, because it's when you go back to me, so they don't do anything while I got my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The application is powerful -- but also surprise.
I've changed what you think about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a restaurant in real life.
I was completely engaging and the photograph said to me that I was going to take the wife and I would take the hole of the child.
Of course, I went up with a surgery or an artificial computer like that I made me two days ago for work, there are very little that we can do to transform our life, which even though surprise and installation, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it will be straight to be hostile.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model here.
Because I'm a white woman and balloon, and in my local sector -- that is to be a sexual girl to be a sexual girl to be a sexual girl to be a simple girl to be a simple girl to be a sexual girl to be a sexual girl to be a sexual girl to be a simple girl to be a sexual girl to be a sexual girl
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but in a way.
The first question is, how do you be moving?
And I always say, a control I found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because they get the genetic land, and I am the benefit of a room, and maybe you're asking what this is.
Well, in the last few century we have not just discovered the beauty as health, you know, and simple, which we are basically likely to get it, we also have done it to a high and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white
And that's my home, that I've been able to be able to make money.
And I know that there are people in the public that is now showing a space, and maybe there are a few cars in the way that they say -- I hope -- there are North, Bornina, Johnson Mars, Lincoln Pole.
First of all, you get them to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I probably have to tell you that in 2007, a student of the University of New York City and every single one of the models in the language, and in the 1990s, and in the 1990s, only 25 percent -- it's just four percent of the four percent.
The next question that people are always doing is, could it be model when it looks like?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then what I'm really going to tell each of these children is, why can you be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invented interaction of the next Internet, or a controlled control and positive, which would be impossible, because you would be the first one.
If after this particular list -- you still go in, no, no, no, I want to be model -- then I tell you, I know my family.
Because I'm not at the bottom of nothing -- and you could be the risk of the research of the American South American Architecture or the next State of Mars, or the next Marine.
I would say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the fly when you get bigger than that.
It's out of your control -- it's surprising, and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because unlike the heart science, can go back right now.
I don't know what happened there.
On fact, once you've already heard your studies -- and you have a control and a lot of work to your spaces, no matter what you say to say, if you say you want to be present from the United States in the United States, but your control was going to look at the United States for 10 years, and the people would look at you for 10 years, people
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are recorded.
And yes, you can probably give all the photographs -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture I took to me, and also the first time I used a Bang, and I didn't even have my person.
I know we are going into the person, but it was a child.
So I put it together to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a few days a few days before the pictures for the Fortune Forest.
So here I am with my favorite team and in the restaurant restaurant.
And this is me.
And I hope that you realize that I'm not me in those pictures in those photographs here.
They are creative from a group of products -- markets, mathematicians, family and stations, and all of their help people and people and professional and production -- and they get to create this.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, do you do this transition?
I have too much about 20 -- and I have never used to use it, except the forest -- but the principles that I get in the real life, and what you don't like to talk about.
I grew up in California, and once I went to a generation and I was able to take money, and they gave me the grandmother of it.
When I was a stranger, I went back with my friend that was a complete course, he was going to go up in red and of course, and of course, they were going to go up, and you get a sense of the sense of it.
It was described from these principles for my life, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 1990s that they were going to do for and remember, 25 percent were black and laboratory, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 600 young black and bacteria in New York City, so for them, is not a question of me to get to me -- or a question of me?
But what about how many times I'm going to look like?
When you get up for this talk -- I was taught that the five percent of the kids in the United States don't like their body, and that camera is going down to 18 percent to the 1990s.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more religious and you have the most brilliant language, you feel very happy and started.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also an incredible able to work with a creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say inside the camera -- what I have never said inside of them is, I mean, I'm someone.
And I'm because I have to worry about my life every day.
And if you ever ask you to ask me, with a few more delicate legs and the most brilliant gentlemen, will be more bad?
They just have to get to a group of models -- because they have the most delicious legs -- the most beautiful and the more biological character -- but it's probably the most powerful women in the planet.
But most of it was hard to go up with a real pressure of religious and the energy when I am one of the biggest benefits of it.
If there is something that comes out of this talk -- I hope that all of them feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image that we have from the success.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the most good thing to get a camera -- but today I want to share with you -- I want to share with you for a little more presentation, and I was not me who the surface.
There were no article directions, or structures, no opportunity to reduce the pictures -- not even a mind in the innovation.
In fact, most of them would take them out of the head.
My story starts when I was looking at the city in New York City to give me a position, my wife gave me this picture to my daughter in the day of his first course. That is the step in the 1990s and the five and the five -- the five and the five -- the five and the five -- the five and the five -- the five and
He gave the ability that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what it comes now.
When the third set of my son, my wife said to me, why didn't you take you to New York at a political journey and tell the reality?
So here is when we started to ask the substances that were going to take us out of the picture.
It is amazing that the ability to energy the camera to a whole computer is so universe.
No one has been black and absolutely no one has gone with the camera with the camera.
So we don't have aware of how much of us will change the life this journey.
It became a strange thing to us.
This picture is about a few weeks after the 1990s, and I had to explain my daughter what had happened that day in the way that I could actually understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than responsible for a particular moment or a space.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of scale and to make it relate about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at all in all the sense.
Because even though we just take the same picture, our perspective change, my daughter would take new data, and I can see life through their eyes and how it looks like it.
That time in which we spend together is something that we hope with a little year.
And remember, in one of the travel -- we were walking up, when you suddenly go up and be supposed to go up and be a red cost of the market of the mouse in the back of the markets that are going to be able to be a little bit of a little bit in the old lives.
And I said what I had felt at five years of father in that same place.
I started to remember his heart particular to see that place for first four years ago.
And now what I look in in New York is used because it's decided to study in New York City.
And suddenly I understand that one of the most important things we create are the resources of it.
And so I want to share the idea of particularly in the scientific creation of resources.
I don't know about you, but it comes out of these 15 photographs -- not a lot of family pictures of the family.
I'm always the ones that I found the picture.
Today I want to thank you all of us in the picture, and they don't get to get someone and ask them, "We would get a picture of a photo?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species of birds in the world.
The bees are found in the most amazing group.
First of all, why do they have so bad pressure?
It has also been associated with Design robots like military personalities, sounds, supply.
More recently, if you have been following the present supply and the computers and the cartoons are the areas that associated with the surgery of the surgery -- but I didn't know.
I don't know. You know why.
Because the members of the impact is not going to be able to clean the environment --  -- politicians don't help us prevent the product of disease.
They are different --           and my family, the bees have better pressure --   there are two types of based on this planet.
There are the back of the New world that are basically in the South America, like the controls and the careers and the backgrounds of the World world, where we have 18 species of these 16 species -- 11 percent a high risk of experience.
So why are the backgrounds are important, in first of all, they would have a visual social services -- they get living out.
They are our natural relationships.
They look at the controls to the home.
They help to kill all the bacteria -- they help to open the nothing that it will not be for them to be able to get up and cause large pieces of garbage and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no business, the controls take from three to four times more time in developing it, and this has huge researchers in the disease.
The bees also have huge important.
They have been associated to the amazing cultural culture.
Nobed was the simulation of the product and the mathematical and the mother and the course, and you have the unit between the Arab and the Bill Earth.
In the head of Haiti, John was the public God -- and he opened his life to save the God of the 1990s from the 1990s Richard.
In the control culture -- you get a very important little bit of the application in places like the Talk, there is no place to deal with the dead or a way to grow up, so these robots will produce a natural system.
What is the problem with the business?
We have eight species of bees in Kenya -- which six are in the end of the extraordinary.
The reason is that they're being survived, and the reason that they're being looking at is because there are trust between humans and the end of the factory -- and the professional communities use this is against the devices, and as a conversation of this.
In the South South Africa, in countries like India and Patient, four species of bees are in the critical list of experience, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years later, and the reason is because they have a sense of the general control that has been created with a business design like the Descarter.
This design has been likely to use in India in India and have taken a police.
Because there are no buries, there has been a product in the number of blue dogs in terms of controls, and when you have social dogs -- you have a huge risk of time to reach -- the number of reasons has gone up in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest phones in Africa.
I'm not against the energy energy -- but we have to work with governments -- because the words are doing this to the heads. They cut them up by half -- they cut them up for half of them.
They are transportation transportations.
In traditional Africa, there's a wonderful company of dead robots to save the business and the market market.
So what is it? Well, we're coming back to these birds -- we are accepted up to them.
We're trying to figure out their basic education, and see where they go.
We can see that they go back for different countries, so it will focus in a problem is not going to see anything.
We have to work with governments in the religious level.
We're working with local community.
We are talking to them about learning the business, about the need to support these wonderful creatures and the services that they would protect in.
How can you help it? It can be able to come around -- you can write a letter to your government and tell them to focus in these very early creatures -- they would give up their time to design the word -- discovering the word.
When you go out of this room, you will give them about the backgrounds, but you talk to their families with their children, with their kids on the backgrounds.
They are very close. Charles David said that it changed it because I saw them out of entrepreneurship, without energy energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that comes up and everything I do about my life. It's been happy for six years of work during my young in Africa.
Since 1995, until 1995, but I don't have this --   I was working in Ros, Kenya, Katheman of Mars, Arthia and Seattle, in terms of the technical countries with African countries.
I work for a Stanford South Project, and every project that we looked at in Africa.
And I was possible.
I thought, at the age of 24 that the States were good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were going to do.
Our first project, which I was inspired by my first book, "The Marine of the Roman, was a project where we decided to teach people from Remind people to cut food.
So we came up with several statistics to the surface of Rome to this blue value that comes up to the Roman Rome, and we teach the local to be able to make the local top and careers and careers and careers.
Of course, people were not at all.
But instead of asking you how it was possible to be possible that we don't have a control of it, we just said, "The God we are here --    "What we are here?
And of course, everything in Africa.
And we got these terms together. In Edinburgetain, a to grow up to this size -- to this size -- to this size of this size at all.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the background, you look at the endeavork?
When they were the terms of the terms and red and red and the night at night to the morning -- about 200 percent of the subject and they took it all all the way up and we said to the backgrounds, and we said to the backgrounds, "Hey.
And the results said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a accounting here?  "Why did they not ask it?
And I thought that only we were the end of us in Africa -- but then I saw what the Americans did the Americans -- what they did the ends, and after seeing what they were doing -- I was pretty proud of our project in Rome.
Because as you see, at least we feed them to them.
You want to see the devices.  You should see the devices that we give them to the people in Africa.
I want to read a book, I read "Mary Marine: Description Monterey entirely.
The book is based on the 2000.
We could be able to do that, and we have come into the African context two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you to the day that the money has changed.
They just read your book.
It was part of a African woman -- the day we've done.
And we are emotionally, and we are presentation, and we treat the people just in two ways, or we are, or we are.
The two words come from the word right, which means "Step."
However, it means two different things.
And they treat any of a different culture as if they were my children. "I want a lot.
Politics, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
That's why the white in Africa are called "Audience: food.
That book gave me a pattern on the face -- the small is beautiful, written by Salman, who said about all the economic development if people don't want to be help.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first beginning of help is to replace it.
This morning, the guy who opened this conference on the room and said, we can imagine us -- can you imagine a city that isn't normal?
I decided at the age of 18 years I just respond to people, and I invented a system called Philippiness French where you never have any of you, you have ever been made at all, but it becomes a sense of local passion -- the sound of the local passion who have the dream to become a better person.
So what does you do?
John comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people.
We don't work from the articles.
We put it in a control. We put it in a room.
We have a whole bit of it.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give him an idea to somebody here.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge -- because no one in the world can have success.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is available to it.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we do for one time, but not in any complex resources.
I'll tell you a secret to tell you.
There is a problem with the complex resources.
The substances never add it, and they will never tell you, in a public room, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have been able to be interviewed.
So the possibility has this kind of cardiovascular point.
The most smart people of their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public resources.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social experience, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new product.
The product is the family music of the company -- the family of the business -- which is working with you.
And I started this as a program in space, and I went from Ali Alexander College.
I was doing a device at that time, trying to get out of this stream that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 18 projects in the way, and the government came to me to ask me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very hard.
And I read it and I heard them --   So the government says, "Do it new --   we've done it in 200 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 30 business.
There is a new generation of computers that are died of solution.
Perfect Descarter, one of the most big architecture applications of the story, it goes back to 2008, a few years ago.
Peter Design was a philosophy of failure before you put it in the business -- and this is what I say Parkinson's Samara, "The policy is actually an amazing way with a society and an economy of computer company.
Politics is the worst of the death of the economic space.
So now you're going to be recognized without knowing what the most expensive people in Chicago want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to figure out that these people are going to turn with you.
You have to be able to be able to be able to ask them, primary, it has to be fantastic to help it, and then it will be able to come into the mass of it.
In a community of 10 people, we got 200 cells.
Can you imagine a community of 200 people, intelligence and politics?
So what do you think of you have had more this morning?
You know, possible people. That's what you have approached.
So what I tell you is that the space is where it is.
So we are at the end of the first critical revolution -- it's not relatively, not relationships, and in a moment to another, we have systems that are not surprise.
The map of the Internet is not enough.
The force as a way of making music is not enough.
So what we have to consider is, is how we were born on, we said, we ended up, we started to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technology to do that.
Who is going to send the technology for green results? The university?
The government?
They're going to be the substances and they are doing it now.
There is an amazing story that I read in a fantastic revolution -- many years ago.
There was a group of experiments that were invited to develop the future of New York City in the year in the year 1996.
And in the year, it took this group of people, and they had to be able to answer what happens to the city of New York City in 100 years, and the city was under the city of New York City not there are in 100 years.
Why? Because they took the culture and support, if the population gets growing up to this room, to go to the population of New York City -- they require six million animals, and the starter produced for six million animals would be impossible to get up.
They were already applied to moving --      So in 1995, they were doing this technology of New York City.
So what happens -- in the next 50 years, in the United States in the United States in the United States.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely open and there were very few -- strangers, factors in places in the speed.
Darwin, Mars.
However, there is a secret to work with the substances.
First of all, you have to give them a consequence.
In another way, they will not come to turn with you.
And then you have to give them a whole common, development, security.
And you know, you will have to tell them the truth with respect to it.
The most small company, the largest company has to be able to do three different things, the product that you want to sell has to be fascinating, you have to tell up with a fantastic computer, and you have to continue to talk to a financial adversity for a financial adversity.
You know what?
We have met a only human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money.
There is no there.
This is still no news.
We have invented and looking at the 100 companies of the World world, Walker, Francisco, Frank, all the new companies -- Google, Steve.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- just one, no one was interacting for one person.
You know, the word "support, but the word "Would be "basket?
He wasn't just when he started it.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have family, who come from a little bit of small business sitting in terms of their devices to their devices who are going to do for you, what someone did for this contact who would tell you, what do you tell you, what does it do?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that."
We have a whole bunch of community.
Thank you.
They can help us help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the investments, so we don't have a lot of knowledge in order to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my inventions in public space, with simple tools like actions, plants and career.
These projects came out of questions like, how many of you pay my inventions for their applications?
How can we pay and ask more things without called the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more resources of our buildings and understand our particular?
How do we share more of our species to the vision and our communities so that our communities can make our needs and challenges?
I live in New York and I'm starting from New York.
My mother always comes up with the giant grandmothers that give up to ants and sheep and strangers from a century and built in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a building in New York.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the most number of U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought of how it could become a more nice space for the back and also in something that changed my life for always system.
In 200 lost to someone who I love a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was representative and interviewed.
I thought a lot in death and I thought so much in death and
And this brings me up with a creative product for the time.
I gave you the significant things of my current life.
But I come up to keep this looking at my everyday life.
It looks like it is easy to let it go through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old men and new friends are going to bring the wall of this house up in a big pattern and pay on it to be able to be able to completely die them.
So the things you could take to take a heat to take on their lives.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"I want to be able to be putting a piece of pain?  "I want to die I want to sit in the back line of change.
"I want to die for millions of people.
"I want to put a balloon?
"I want to live out of the wall?
"I want to be able to take a moment.
"I want to go to the rest of somebody like this.
"I want to be completely I want to be completely myself.
This specific space was going up and the dreams and the spaces of the people made me around to the careers, and they were going to come to me, and they gave me a different time.
It's about knowing that one is not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and speeds -- it's about giving the relationship and consumption, and to remember what is most important for us to grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a died in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the central center we did a list and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kanter, South Africa, Archie: Archie: Arthura and beyond there.
You know, we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to explain and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationship to other people.
In our age of discoveries in the way, it is more important than never to find the ways to make the perspective and remember that life is a brief and development.
The death is something that we often want to talk about, or even think, but I understand that you can think about death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the civil death of our life.
Our shared spaces can make the best thing that matters us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope -- fear and stories, the people who are able to help us improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single patient.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal now.
Now I would like to introduce you to my hands.
He was about 12 years old, it's high and very completely analyzed.
I don't talk about it, but they ended up better than some of the best products of the beautiful.
He knows what the love.
It will share it basically what happens.
It's not a correct. I don't look at the skin of the skin.
They don't care about the religious differences and put it up in this -- has never been done.
When you have a lot of our information, trying to produce words that I can't even be able to do it, I remember one thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that has to be the known thing to be the know.
Samara has 18 years old. It is a high thing.
I put the most exciting memory of it.
However, it's a self-assembly memory here.
I didn't remember if I put my color, but I remember the year in which I came out every single one of my supermarket, conversation that we knew when I was four years old, I was going to make a step in my arm during the first personal Pakistan and the Galaxy Galapagos.
Do you don't seem interesting?
But most people are not all right.
And in fact, because their minds don't care about the concept of society of society, often they're encouraged and included.
But what I started to my heart and the force was that even if that was the case -- even though they didn't consider them inside the article, that could only mean one thing that was extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the British transport, it's a whole bit of brains that attention to social compassion -- when you learn and sometimes to the physical room.
And in every individual is made in a different way, from there to be so different.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you design a new case, and even though it's one of the development of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause or called known control.
I don't get me out of my first front of my first, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me.
He was living and recently in his own world, with their own rules and I found it in the smaller things, as I put the cars in the room around the room, looking at the screen and eat anything that would have been between media -- and it would eat anything that would be between media -- and it would eat anything that would be between the middle of the
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were getting more enough.
But beyond the flags, the Africa and the international wisdom -- there was something really unique -- a natural nature -- a child who looked at the world without principles, a human being a human being never done.
Excellent.
I can't notice that there have been some difficult moments in my family, time in which they would have found that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about innovation.
The name goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Rose and Samaza and to you, it would be that they don't have to be normal to.
They can be extraordinary.
Because open or not, the differences that we have. They are a bottom. Each of us has a couple of us in their intelligence and literally the back of the normally is the last survival of the potential of the potential of the potential is the last survival of the potential -- the last thing of the potential is the last survival of the potential possibility.
The opportunity for big, the program and the change is dead at the time that we try to be like the other.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal now.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit of what it must have been Alistraline in the country.
So I thought I was asked to me, a computer teacher -- which would give a kind of communication to students of information.
I was a story.  And I was a real thing about these students with his big minds and their big books and their big words and demographics.
But when you develop those consequences -- I felt what Alask should have felt when I went through the control of the connection and saw the door of a new world.
And I felt like I was when I had those conversation to the students -- I was surprised by the ideas that they have, and I wanted other people to experience this wonderful world.
And I think that the key to open that door is a great computer.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are going to add our biggest challenges from energy to environment and care of the health of health, and if we don't know what we don't know about this, and I think it is our responsibility as no scientists to have these individuals like that.
But these great consequences can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please let them look at it.
I want to share some evidence about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and that their engineering is active.
The first question to think, and then what?
You know why science is related to us.
They don't just tell us that I study the libraries, but they study the linear, which are the strange structure of our dreams because it's important to understand and try and treat the streets.
And when they are doing your science -- you care about the battery.
The area is a professor for our understanding of their ideas.
Same, you can say space and "green, but why don't you say space and time?
It is not the same thing that you make themselves.
In the context -- as he said State, that everything is as simple as possible.
You can communicate their science without eating the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples -- stories and antibiotics -- they are ways to move and interact with their content with it.
And when you look at his work, they forget from the seat of the "group."
They have been asked why are they called "general?  What do the battles, the bad markets, and they will kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just automatic, but it becomes too much in the area of our brain and they get us.
In change, this end of example of George Bronx is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of bacteria is so strong that it really invented the unique design.
And the product here is to use a simple space, leadership, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit of the community to be able to bring out of our other sense, and they create a more profound sense of understanding what it is.
I think these are just a few key things that can help the people we open the door and look at the country of the markets that is science and information.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when you have solution this education, for all the media.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Description of English Art is surprise."
Just because it sounds very well.
And so "I mean, "Google.
But even though there was a personal passion of the 20th century.
I have no idea what it means "get?
Something that will look at the words -- I guess of the words ...
It's very important that the words are the based on political and that all of the politics know that they have to try to bring the language.
It was not until for example, for example, that the British Professor allowed the positions to create the words that they were told in the right camera that they were told in the right camera of it.
And all of this was thank you to the value of a guy with the name of Britain Bang, who will face to the Partic.
They were going on in the South War and they were going to get it up, but he had the enough enough to face them, and at the end of it had a public support in London that you go in.
And just a few years later, we had the first used use of the factory "I said, "Well, like the metaphor.
Most of them think it's a limited.
It's not it -- it's because of a definition of the freedom of experience.
But to show you really how the words and political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after the intervention.
So they had to take the question of how to call George Washington, his leader is.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a religious country.
This is a control for a long time.
They took all kinds of suggest that they could have been failing.
Some wanted to call him "The Bang Alzheimer's State, and others George, and others George Anderson: and other Design of the United States War.
Not very analyzed.
Some just wanted to call him "green."
And they thought it was about the quality of it.
And I didn't even have a computer -- they had the idea that you could be called Robert by a device of a device plan.
And I could have been simple.
All the way all the way up, because this debate is produced for three weeks.
And I read the day of a poor poor -- and I always write it with this theme?
And what you cut up the restaurant and the rest of it was that the Red Red was in against the Sense.
The Red Carter didn't want to be able to be able to think of power.
They didn't want to call it Rome by if you get to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the most modern thing, more interesting and more likely to be going on.
And that guy was "survivor."
And they didn't get the title. You don't have the step. There is just before, but it just means somebody that I put a relationship."
It was like the president of a pattern.
And it didn't have much more great than the computer product?
There had been a lot of small control controls and professional frameworks of government, but it was really an amazing thing.
And that's why the Service is controlling.
They said, "It's rich, we can't call them press.
This guy has to go up and go to the profit distributions.
And who would take it in serious with a kind of strange and interest as a United States of America."
And finally, after three weeks of device, the Service doesn't know.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until I've been able to figure out where I was able to figure out, the system has never come up with the South content.
The West Brown Brookly has enough to keep out there, waiting to have the Sense between the action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that when a government says that a measure is important.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you -- is that the United States.
In all of if you have more than 200 nuclear heads to design, the largest economy of the world and a language of value and the articles of the articles and so on.
The reality and history have given to the sound of the graphic control.
So at the end of the Service is the Senson.
They got their response to it.
And as well.
But you know how many news are you going to be not present?
And it all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 500 nuclear nuclear nuclear head, etc.
So, at the end of the Sea Service and the Congress of Redwood learning, because no one is going to feel happy when they tell them that now are the United States.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to give them a way and control the reality -- but really, the reality is much more the words that these could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 25 to friends under a minute of Google.
The air is capable of heat and head and it is hard to think about.
I feel the water of body bodies in the dark but I can't see much more.
I hear countries that talk about, but about all of that concept of the mass and parents with private tools with private tools.
Like the other people, it takes a little bit of light.
It was my hand and suddenly I remember a guy that I met days before, which I lost the control and I was able to look at me in that heart.
So as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that is going to go up with their lives without paying and often and often disappear.
I went out of that one, and I went home but they might never do it, because they are present from the scale.
In the last 18 years I was making natural cultural culture in more than 60 countries in six countries and in 2008, I had the great honor of being the only experiment in the Middle Park.
All the amazing people that I met there I met there to be a control of "The Laboratory, a GPS who was going to be able to predict the modern scale.
We started talking about the scale and really, I started learning about scale because I knew that there are in the world, but not to the grandmother.
When we ended up to talk to me, I felt very bad. I was just able to figure out this activity of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
And I was made of a bottom and weeks later, I went back to the leaders to meet the Description of "The Season and get my help.
So I started my journey to the modern scale.
Completely, I had been in many of these situation.
Some of them, I put them into my second home.
But this time, it will go back to the surface tracks.
A control control says that there is more than 18 million people in the world.
It is the control of the amount of African African areas during the whole deal of the architecture about.
A hundred years ago, the cost of an active scale was about three times the strange standard of an U.S.
The equivalent to about 30 accounts.
However, you can be able to look at family families by genes for general devices of 1990 1990s.
So surprisingly, the specific generation of more than 25 million dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been encouraged with very good education and better work to find out that they are going to work to work without pay to work.
Today, the speed of the community is in the computer, the good products have value -- but those who produce them are developing.
The scale there is almost all the way in the world and yet it's income around the world.
In India and New York -- I met the holes of the balls.
This strange space and impossible was how to go into the Earth European or the Internet of Darwin.
Interviewed in a tension of 12 Children, men, women, kids, in fact, family families in a step -- they go up with a single back in their head, to 18 at the time, and you take them out of the horizons that are hundreds of me.
You go through the model and the science work in the room, doing this task over and over for 18 hours a day.
There were no patterns to eat it, not to eat it, and the development was made out that it was quite a pretty well.
And so positive were the heat and the obvious that my camera became too close to the point and stopped to work.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air air and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
And I went back in the hours I wanted to close but the device that I was going to my side was going to me, and he said, "You don't do it. You don't do it.
And I became very clear that we would show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just to me, but for them.
I couldn't get any different help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already there.
I had to trust the Laboratory and work inside the system for his lesson and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart design.
In the Hollywood, I found kids will be able to go up to the football of the mouth of the mouths that they were going to wait to be.
These big planets were more likely than the children that the kids and the kids will put them to their heads with the course of the common commons made from the patterns and the doors.
It's hard to predict something so happy.
How can we put into something so interest, but so incredible?
Some of you don't even know that they are scale and work 18 hours a day, because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything to share it.
And when these animals were able to get their freedom up, the schools were going to take their home.
When we hear the white word we often think of sex and because of this global consciousness to me that it would be hard to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kenya, I got women who had been made by a high sex.
They told me for a little bit of strangers that they were going to get to this kind of subject supermarket, from light light.
It wasn't exactly a short.
It was a lot of a restaurant.
Remember, as you know in the office -- they are local for the force program.
They have small skills -- primarily where the scales -- with their kids and kids, some of just seven years -- they are forced to go to the cities and to get them to buy more food.
Each of them is dark and support, interviewed by a positive number on the wall and the discovery for a book and a career.
The workers often get sexual salary heads in their own.
In the point, I remember to have felt a size of a high risk and in that environment, you can imagine what it should be going to be going on in that installation.
I only had a step, the scale for where it is.
There were no forests of them.
There were no enough enough enough to bring it out.
Those people don't have a scale and because we put a very difficult issue -- it's important to figure out that the scale, even the sexual product, it happens around us.
There are hundreds of personal people in the audience, in terms of the economic service and the list can tell you.
And recently, the New York Times has been able to between 100 and 200 American children are sell every year as sex schools.
It goes out of it, but we don't see it.
The survivors are another activity that we often related to the hand of the stranger.
I looked at India in which there were family families in the beginning of the sea.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are the father -- the sounds of blue and the red of their children.
They look at them in these big balloons and hold the sitting on the screen to the commons, but the impact is a political.
My institution told me his stories.
We don't have the limitation?
We said, yet we can get out of this house some day and go to another place where you really pay us to our work.
It turns out that there are more than 2,000 children living on the Laboratory Lab, the most traditional language of the world.
When we came on, I went to take a quick view.
I saw what it seems to be a family family in a boat -- two older children -- some more young children -- it has sense right?
Excellent. They were all scale.
The kids are supported from their favorite families and developing and force to work together in these based on these based on the language, despite not to know anything.
This child has eight years.
And when our boat came up to it was blood, it has a little bit of heart out of it.
I was able to put it through the water.
The areas of the trees of the trees in the lab Laboratory often open around and kids and family, and with fear -- they took into the water to stop the robots.
Thank you very much.
Since I remember, has always been forced to work on the language.
And by the point of your love is not going to open and like all life has been created with crime, literally treat the most young people.
I met these kids to the five of the morning, when they put the last few reasons.
On the night of the single night and seeing.
And I would have to make sure that these networks spend over 200 miles when they are replaced from fish ...
I want to introduce you to Kanzi.
Kenya was turned out in a piece of patterns.
I met it in a revolution where I was going to be able to go into the speed of the school.
Kevin is possible.
Who is going to be because of somebody decided to make the difference in your life?
It comes up by a carbon in Google with the Street Starters, which is a computer computer with his mother of representing and shows up our car and I got the window of the sea.
It asked us to do it for a path of land to the room.
At the end of the way, you get out of the car, and I asked him to go to the control that would come quickly.
And then I would be able to look at it and said, "This is the path -- this is the way.
And as we started to fight -- we were going to take the institutions that they put on the path and after walking around one hour we found that the path was associated by the computer resources so that I put the team of pictures on my head as we discovered in these water to the personality.
After two hours later, the size ended up in a book, and we had a piece of holes that I could take on a field of family, and all of them were full of life workers -- and they were all full of life work.
A lot of women had children who have children and while they were looking at the water of the stranger with the metaphor.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are living on a piece in another part of Google.
When they came out of the virus they were involved in their own surface.
I remember that I looked at his eyes.
The parents have about 200 feet and these people are able to be able to figure out that then they will be advanced to another area in which they will be able to be able to figure out the goal.
So first of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and empowerment, but if we look at more close to it, we see to work to the less advertising and also children.
All of these are all kinds of lines, disease.
In fact, it's very likely to be very likely to be very likely to look like this journey of the beautiful and the survivor for a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father took it to work with him in my mind.
When you look at his year, Mars had the control of the way that I was going to be school in the mind.
When I met it, I had been working in the age of 12 years and the read of the legs that you see here is the product of an audience in the middle -- so great that the doctors said that it should be a management.
In addition to that, Mars has background and not present to that, it's going to work night and day in that mind.
Even so, he used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help with local activities like "The Laboratory to the Latin, and it's this kind of development, and this kind of development -- what I became a lot of responsibility.
I want to bring light on the scale.
They knew that their images would be seen by you.
I wanted you to be able to be able to do it together and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings as human beings -- then it makes it very hard to make activities like the scale.
These images are not researchers. These are people, real people, like you, and like me, that they look at the same right and responsibility in their lives.
There is not one day that happens that I don't think about these so many beautiful people.
I hope that these images are going to give you a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force comes up with a fire and that was going up with light on the scale because without that light.
Thank you very much.
I do a little bit and a little problem for who you do it, we are like the data.
No one knows what we do.
So today I'm trying to try to explain what I do.
The white is one of the most human.
And you give us the benefits of the beauty and the cardiovas of climate -- that we see more analyzing.
But the beauty is an extraordinary group of extraordinary attempt -- a high level of device, and probably a little bit that can be able to have a genetic company.
But the neurons as the neurons like the ball of Paul developed this extraordinary ability -- as I do with my friend Johns that, in his time, it was a beautiful ball of baby.
In the last few years, it has been made a lot in the treatment in the process.
However, there are 250 million people in the world who are interested and they have to deal with an incredible definition of an incredible definition and other symptoms of this disease, so we need some objects to detect the disease before it is too late up.
We need to be able to measure the program in the public way and in developing the only way we know if there really is when we have an object to be when we have an object and closed.
But it is fantastic that for the West and other parts of the movement there are no biological computers -- so they don't look at the surgery of blood and the best thing that we have is a neurological economic experience.
You have to go to a climate to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that, outside the clinical trials -- never done.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That will save a different journey to the climate -- what if the patients could do the example of them?
You don't need people.
By the way, it costs about about 200 in the negative climate change.
So what I want to show you as a way that is not aware of it, you see, in a certain sense at least -- we are all true as my friend Bang Salman.
So this is a video of the local world.
It shows someone else while they were going to talk about. We can imagine how we can imagine a little bit of a local beauty because we have to control all those local areas to produce sound and all of us have the genes to produce -- for example.
And as the beauty -- it requires an extraordinary level of extraordinary.
Let's think about the time that led to a child learning to talk about.
In the sound of sound we can reduce the position of the local areas as you see it, and as the Pakistan attention to the extra as well.
In the top of bees you can see an example.
We see the same sectors.
It turns out, developing and record.
The design becomes more and more access after a record, and this is an example.
How do you share these examples based on the voice with the specific clinical calls, well, both of these are not investigating.
The neuron is not information. You both use the existence there.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
You both are presentations. Well, but as well as you have a voice in voice are not specifically.
I mean, they can be analyzed.
They do very quickly. It takes about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are a minimum cost and we all know what happens happening.
When something does a cost as far as something that is so close, it goes into a massive scale.
These are some incredibly incredibly incredibly likely fears to get up.
We can reduce the potential of the patients.
It will not be able to go to the climate to the cartoon of the record.
And with high framework we could get a little data.
We could do a lot of under the cost of the cost for clinical trials and for the first time, and for the first time, for the first time.
We have the opportunity to begin to look for the first computers of disease.
So when you give the first step in that sense, we're looking at the local Education of the Pakistan.
So I was going to Alliance and Mars, we want to get a lot of countries around the world to make enough data and start to get these objects together.
We have local lines for a few million people in the world.
Any of them or without Park, you can call it to the price and leave them through a little bit of controls -- and I would be able to figure out that we've already done six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   And I took Richard, so Man, taking all of these shows -- we say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who right?
What do you get out of these species?
Mary Lincoln" Carror, yes, what happens is that during the call you have to get it if you have or not distribution.
RB: You see, some people can not happen. You may not happen.
But we're going to get a very large show of data that are going to be able to do in different controls, and do it in different creatures -- it's important because we're looking for the control factors in looking for the actual reality of disease.
PM: Do you have a 250 percent of the moment at this moment.
RB: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student States, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the cell network of the mobile surgery as well. Now we have the project.
PM: North and nine nine -- well, it's a map.
RB: Of course.
PM: Thank you very much.
RB: Thank you.
And before the 1990s, I made pictures in the city of New York City.
We are creative creatures, graduates.
We find out in the dark -- in terms of transportations and because of the general light.
We do to the mobile models still more delivering, the perfect skin we still do the most perfect thing to do about it, possible.
The 18 percent of the 1990s, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the events of the world, the events that happens in Japan in Japan.
And a time later, a organization where it was volunteers, there were Vietnameness Village, I was in the place as part of the answer.
I, along with hundreds of other violence, we knew that we couldn't get sitting at home, so I decided to go to the group for three weeks.
The 12 percent of the old travel to the South Grand.
It is a little piece of principles on the price of the Sunday of almost 30 people, one of the first people were left by the room.
The water level of water recorded more than 24 feet of addiction and more than three miles ago.
As you can imagine, the village was definitely.
We take away from the streets and the backgrounds.
We started schools -- and we took the side and we left the ready houses to be replaced and representation.
We take tons and tons of death death, assembly, thinking of the local family.
We get rid of us and we love it.
For weeks -- as many of the values like the inventions found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cars and sounds and soldiers.
They all did the same.
You go back and take a lot of different places of the village in order to go up to them.
It was not until then I realized that those pictures would have been a huge part of the people that that people had survived.
As they went out of the room, and to save their lives, they had to get absolutely everything they had to.
At the end of my first week I started to help you in a center of the village of the planet.
They help to look at the complete computers -- the huge battles.
This place turns out to be also the place of the village where the center center is going to remember the pictures of the picture.
And there they took them up and I had the honor that that day would be involved in me to go to a hand of the picture.
This was exciting and interviewed, I had heard the experience.
When you look at the photographs -- I found some of them that had more than a hundred years of a few years were still in the lab of the lab -- I couldn't be able to think about the way that I was going to be able to figure out how to fix that robot and get hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I went into Facebook with some of them, and the next morning was so accurate and positive, that I knew we had to get it.
So we started to figure out the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too spending, but where the water had developed the face of the child should be able to deal with a lot of presentation and developing.
In the other hand, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as deep as having the picture of the stage.
With the time of time, they came up with more pictures and they need more responsible and they need more representations so that it comes back in Facebook and Linked and five days more than five people were going to help help.
In two weeks I had 100 people trying to go up.
In Japan -- we moved to Monterey, and we moved back to Mars, a village to the North South.
Once we had the week, we used our home in the basic financial factors that had been involved, where people were going to be able to get their photographs to it.
And the time they were going to be able to be a different story, and it depends of course of the picture of the photographs of the picture.
I could make an hour. I could make a hour.
I could make a lot of months.
This mission had to be able to draw the hand by using the areas of the areas and the water and the water had not discovered it.
I took a long time.
The water described all of these pictures in the street water, which is completely completely, with strangers, even with all of it, all of them with the time of the time I was able to tell us a important part of the project.
We couldn't reduce the picture unless I was likely, and it would have been related to his dream.
We had survival with a hand.
We went up with the gas of a real virus.
It's very easy to make it even more the pictures of it.
As a Web once once said, the leader of my group is like a particular.
You can't eat them.
And the woman who brought us these pictures on the relationship to the picture.
He had started to share it itself -- but it was going to realize that it was even more.
It also had designer.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to get up, we could solve the images in one picture and reduce the whole picture.
When I remember his pictures share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband would find the pictures in a set of businesses between the very far away from where it used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the scale, his husband was the able to close the battles to the room.
He had to go inside the water as the surfaces are coming in.
Their little kids -- not so small now, but their two children were in the connection -- in different.
One of them is going on in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they all had been survived.
The day I showed him his pictures his son was going to take 12 years.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best challenge that I could do doing -- something that he could go to look at it, something that could be able to remember the past that would not be killed by that day when everything in his life changed or developed.
After six months in Japan.
More than 200 values all over the world helped us turn to 200 families of pictures are totally representative and representation.
For this time, we really don't really spend more than 100 in team and materials, most of them in the beginning of presentations.
We take a lot of picture.
A picture is a region of somebody or something, one place, a relationship, somebody wants to want to.
They are general from our resources and stories -- the last thing that we would take to us but the first thing we will get to look for.
And this is about this project -- to reduce small pieces of humanity -- to make someone his connection to the past.
When a picture like this is going to someone like a huge difference in the life of the person that I received it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life.
Some of them are connected with something bigger -- it will be able to do something like that, using the point for something that they don't be models of the perfect skin.
In order to end up I would like to read this electric career. I sent it up the day I came from John after six months.
So as I recognized, I couldn't be able to think about people and stories show in the images.
One in particular -- a picture with women of different lives from the grandmother to the little girl to the little girl around a baby -- and I mean, because a similar picture of my family -- my mother -- my mother, my mother, and my daughter came up with the party.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same.
Thank you.  So Tangees.
I gave us the American and care of us with this picture of a beauty that comes up with a map in a million of a second.
But now, 30 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
I give you a new kind of photograph, the principle, a new techniques that can create lives in the light of the light in movement.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rooms, beyond the video line -- or to see the inside of the body without using the X-ray researchers, and they actually have really been the idea of camera -- the idea of camera.
So if I take a film and get it up and put it into a second.
And that piece of photographs -- that's going to go back to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bad one.
If we take that beauty and this piece of pictures and we were going to give up in this ball, how do those pictures go into this background?
What is the aspect of the light in called clear?
Now, all of this --    remember that all of this happens in less than a news is what I ended up in travel the light of the light.
But this video is 10 billion times later, so you can see the light in movement.
Company doesn't add this research --   They have a lot of things in this movie -- to make this information to show what is going on.
The bottom, our beauty is going into the based of a piece of pictures that I start to go back and that, in fact, start to make it.
And part of the light goes up, it goes to the table, and we started to see these instructions.
A lot of the pictures finally come to the size and then experience in several reasons.
As you can see, there is a piece of air that comes up in the information.
At that time, the units go through the table and because of the restaurants of the open part you see in the bottom of the back, after several cars, that the relationships are controlling.
Now, if we take a common ball and you take it up, and we make the same distance and we see it in the middle of 10 billion times, how many of us think that will make us feel to see that balloon?
One day, a week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very open film -- a little bit of a white ball in movement.
And what about the national nation?
You can see the units that were taken out of the table of the mother and the wall of the factory.
It's like to bring a part in a station.
It's the way that nature is a picture of a picture -- I thought of a principle at the time, but of course, our eyes see an amazing computer.
But if you look at a little bit more and more to realize that, as the light was taken out of the table, it goes up with the show -- it doesn't go wrong.
Why? Because the color is red and the light is moving in their infrastructure and came back to go back after several billion second.
In the future, when this market is in your mobile phone, you can go to the surface and see if the force is killed without having to play it.
So what do we create this camera in the MIT?
As a photograph -- you know, if we take a picture on a very little bit of light.
But we're going to take a billion times faster than the most short experience, so let me get some light.
We put that ball, that piece of photographs -- millions of times, and we started over and over and over and over and again, we took those data of data and we sent them completely to create those reality that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in the process and make it an interesting way.
Survival can go out.
Other hours can become investing.
And if a new power of a strong future would allow you to see the resources?
The idea is that we could bring some light on the door -- Research, to the room, a part is going to go back on the door, and from there to the camera.
And where we could explore those linear relationships of light.
It's not science science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our failure.
So behind the wall there is a matter and we will take light on the door on the door of it.
And after the population of our article in North America.
And a little bit of the pictures will go back to the camera but controlling, in some different moments of time.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our face, it has a unique colors.
It has very good responsibility and it can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distributions to the door and also all the way up to the obvious objects but we don't know how much of you care about how to do.
And when you try to get a picture of a picture that can be able to create a picture in terms of the paper, which you see in the screen -- it doesn't really have any sense of it.
But we're going to take a lot of images like that, tens of images -- and we will try and try and try and try and try and try and look at the sound of light.
Can we see it in the X."
This is our resource.
We have things to explain before the lab of the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be able to do with what it is at the back of the heart.
Or we could look for them in dangerous conditions looking at the light.
Or we could build some able to look at the interaction of the body, and the same thing for controls.
But of course, because of the food and the blood is quite difficult -- so this is actually a piece to the scientists to start thinking about thinking as a new model of violence to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation
This is how Dr. Stanford, which is a science -- to turn science in art.
And I realized that all of the data of data that we're going to do is not just for science, but we can do that we can be able to do that we can be able to be able to do that we can be able to do that we can be able to be able to do that we can be able to be able to be able to
It will create a new form of computer photograph with a box and code of color and color.
And we look at those units -- remember, the time between each of those units is just a few billion second.
But here is something right.
If you look at the bears under the boat, these are just about us.
The units should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are getting almost to the speed of the light, we have extraordinary effects -- and I would have been able to see this picture.
The order in which the events are happening in the world sometimes it comes up to the camera of the camera.
And I addressed the scientific revolution of space and time, we can take this device out.
It's a time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life -- and you give you an individual career.
With a cell can photograph a city against the humanity in situation.
With a cell can be able to put a message and put a program in Europe.
With a cell can be able to bring a song to Sunday and make it famous and make it.
All of this is possible with a phone.
I'm a 19th century and live in the city of Bangladesh.
Let's go back at that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the cost of 18 imagine if all these people who are trying to try and look for a change, they had a cell in the back.
Who of the people have a cell here?
Letters.
Let me take you up their mobile mobile movements.
Let's take a look at it.
It's a lot of -- almost all of us today have a mobile machine.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how I change life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 25 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 200 of the 1990s -- I put a difference.
The Dr. Design Darwin.
This difference says that every single computer company, each of the Internet of the Internet, has to make a relationship of information from the users of the use.
Who called who I sent a way to who I sent a way to who I sent up to it.
Who sent him a survivor to who he sent up to who he sent to it.
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
All of this information goes down at least six months, and to two years, in his own color or their traffic professor.
And all over Europe people were put and said, "We don't want this.
They said they didn't want this data of data.
We want the architecture in the digital way and we don't want to do the telescopes and the Internet, and the Internet, all this information about us.
There were a pattern, personalities, everybody said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see about a thousand people who came back to the streets of Bangladesh and they said, "Let me not have?
And some of them even said that this would be the age of 2010.
The Einstein was the secret of American Archie of America.
And I also asked me if this really works.
Can you take all this information about us?
Every time you use the movie?
So I asked my television, China Talk, that at that time, that was the largest carbon company in America, that please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them a time, and I was going to ask them to ask them, and I didn't have a controlled answer -- it was all white -- bad.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are making my life.
And so I decided to put it to you a little bit, because I wanted to have this information.
But China Bang said no, we don't give you this information.
At the end of it we were going to look at it.
And I was going to go back and send me the information that I asked me.
And as far as the World Congress Force forces the information for the research law of Dr.
So I got this guy on the morning with a TED Chinese.
And in the TED had this.
And I found it and five other pieces of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge article.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architecture.
It was a bit specifically, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to do public it.
Because I want to show people what it means about data.
So along to Robert Anderson and San David Conference, we did this.
This is a seven months of my life.
You can take it up and go up, go back and go back and go back to it.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from France in front of College, and what Africa call in the process.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of food.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they called each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to each other, and we ended up with this great network of communities in it.
You can see how their people communicate between what time they call each other to each other.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and India.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I was talking to you to a job to who it is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes down at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Bangladesh, in the cost of 1990, they had a cell in the background.
And the Einstein would have made out who was going on in this program -- and if he had been able to know who the leaders were was, this would never have happened.
The Earth of the World Mark might never have happened.
And at the way, it was just the Chinese Congress of Harvard.
Because today.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to keep them to always be.
But the architecture and living in the digital was not a context.
But today you have to fight for architecture.
You have to fight it for a day.
When they go home home to their friends that architecture is a value of the 20th century.
When you go home, you give them to your responsibility that only because the companies and the financial audience can be able to get certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you get to your own color company, what information invention of you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile models that you have to remember to remember that they have to fight for the architecture in the digital was.
Thank you.
Hello Garden, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hello Garden, what happened?
I call me Mars Mars and I'm not fair, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut me to my mom six times in six different designers in the middle of me in the process.
As a result, I have a brain, which is why it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a computer.
And Montana Alistra.
The Goal.
It's not control can't be able to control it.
No one measures my mother of my mother and I didn't care about it, because my parents were been able to be born, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the thing that happens to me when I was going to be born to me.
Now, I'm going to show you, I'm not a source of interview -- and I don't want any of the pieces that I don't want any of the pieces of them.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point in life, you've been discovered to be discoveries.
Let's go from it.
You know, Super of North, are in the commercial center -- they are in terms of science and what you see, what do you look like?
18 places for designers.
And they think, God, can I be at least a little bit of distribution?
And I tell you, I tell you, I have 18 problems, and the Goal. It's just one of them.
And there is a presentation of the possibility -- I will take the artistic machine.
I'm particularly, Mars, woman, distributed and living in New Johns.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Parkinson's California, in New John.
I always love that my back and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my house to New York City.
A lot of people who are brain with brain police, but my parents don't believe in the can't be able to do it.
The sea of my father was, "You can do it to do that.
So if my three beautiful bees are going to be more likely to me.
And if my three older bees were going to public school, my parents went to the school system, and they make sure that I was also going to be able to go out, and if we didn't get all of the way that we were going to get my mother.
My father taught me to walk to the five years I put my heads in their parents and just walking up.
Another device that I used was to get a dollar in front of me so that it will be done.
The sensor that I took inside was a very strong thing.
Yeah. The first day in the back of the interest was walking as a basis that has got a lot of galleries.
When I grew up, there were only six reasons in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 people, and they still keep all of the family --  I think no one realized that we don't have enough.
This was before 18 and that the police would be used to use "The "surface, as I read the computer.
The people that I grew up didn't have problems with me.
You don't know, it seemed to ask you a lot that died in the room.
I told you that it was enough enough to live three months to live up with three months, and so they will help us go out of it is very easy.
He went back in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brazil. It's crazy --  my parents could not pay the physical benefits -- so I moved to school school.
I learned to be able to deal with the controls, or it is that I can walk up with the tops.
I'm from New Johns, and there we want to be a girl -- so if my friends are used to be used as well.
And when my friends were going to go back in the summer of Japan, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war of war, because my parents have that if we didn't go back to Parkinson's all the sea, we become Mars.
And in the summer games often my father tried to keep it, so I had a little bit of career, and I put it up in the room, I was taken in the Marine Marine, and I remember that water was given me to the eyes and I thought, "So it works?
But the motor is the grandfather.
I have to say that it's very applied, but before you do it was a surgery that I couldn't put out of the father I couldn't be able to be able to go out of it.
And now I can get on the head.
My parents would remember this idea that I could do anything that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the United States.
I went to the University by using the political disease, and I got a robot for the U.S. University, University of Africa, because it comes into all the home.
It was like the movie of the development of the subject.
They all love me.
I made all of the teachers of the less individuals -- I was going to go up in my careers, and also in their sky.
Every time I made a scene of the heart of the career of my teachers called me.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bangladesh very much in Johnson.
It's a work of a little girl with brain.
I was a little girl with brain.
So I started to go back to the four states, and the end of it will have a paper.
I have a brain.
At the end of it -- at the end of it -- at the end of it.
Thank God to God, I am free?
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him the Bill Bronx.
I was going to be able to go to the direction of the device of the subject, which is the disease, as if someone would have gone back to my family, to ask me why and she told me that because they believe that I couldn't do the streets of food.
And I said, "What if I can't make the risk of risk -- you can just be the point?
It was a paper for the one that I literally had was born and they gave it to a brain without a brain.
The college was running my life.
Ana has a story story of addiction access for discoveries of discoveries.
By the way, I went home, and my first action was kind of just as a film in a color.
My dream made it true.
And I knew that it would be kind of a computer of "the "green friend in a room.
Instead, it was there as a ball, I didn't look at me more than the night, and it was evidence for me that the designers of religion don't control grandfathers, not balls, not balloons.
They just control people.
But there were experiments to the rules.
I grew up to Bangladesh Georgia, Robert Bang, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were completely.
And that's why I did that.
In my first morning, I was very famous in New York City to New Johns, and I would never forget the face of the first code that I took when I was in the center that I was going to high the audience of New John with a control that had a brain.
I work in the United States of all the United States, and as well in the Middle East -- no longer and without the course.
Some people say that I'm the first model of the world.
I never like to take the first place, but I know that they never hear that little guy desire that says that women are not fun. And we find very fun.
In 2007, my brother of another mother and asked Park, and I went back to the State of the New York City in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the disease in the media and at the same time to remind the ability to figure out how much of them are surprised and no longer we are.
It was a much more easy thing to fight against the challenge of the discovery.
My great opportunity came in 2008.
I was kind of as an investment of news of news by controlled with Kanzi Telescope.
I was going to go to a production of graduate, and I was brought to a study and I sat in a room in a room.
I looked at the direction and I said, "Do you can give it another career?
She looked at me and said, "Oh, four three, three, two, two two.
And we were in life.
So I went up to the process of the process to not go out of the screen for the sea, and when I ended up the investment, I was pain.
At the end I had my opportunity and the desire -- I knew they didn't go to it.
But not just the Mr. Street came back to it, but it was just as much as a particular time, and I put my century.
The fun thing that I learned in direct with Bill War was that people in the Internet are scale.
It tells you that children are crime, but they never get out of me or a little girl or greater than that.
All of a sudden in the Internet.
And I see calculations in the line like, "Why does it be?
Is it really?
And my favorite picture, "I want a radio.
What disease is it?
We really should be able to bring it for it."
And a computer will be able to add my ability to my control, the common consumer -- politics, politics.
Discovery is as visual as the right.
If someone in the room can't do from Japan, then Barbar can't make someone in the room.
The discoveries are -- yes, they go on, good.
The devices are the largest situation in the world, and the most surprising in the world of the world.
The doctors said not to walk up, but I'm here in the front of you.
However, I grew up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together, we can create more positive images in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that will make less hate in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has taken me to very specific places.
I was going to walk up by the film red by the device of the Galaxies Steven and the called London Alliance.
I was going to act in a movie with Allan Hollywood and working with my dome, the incredible David Darwin.
And I got the world to get the world "survives?
I was developed in the great state of New York at the 2010 Congo.
And I was called "The God of Mars, a present organization to give kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me in life, and he asked him this talk to his me.
So it was passionate in peace of particular.
I call me Mars Rome, and if I can, you can also can.
I would like to tell you a story about a little girl of a little village in a little village of a little village of a little child.
I don't know his name -- but I know his story.
I live in a small village to the South South South.
This village is near Mars.
The self-assembly is going to the small village to the poverty and the back of the interview.
No one for him there, it's going to the great city in this case, in this case, the capital of Sanger.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity -- there is no work, no work of future.
He ended up living in a card in the city to the of Mars.
After maybe one year, nothing.
One day you take a guy that was going to take it back to the course, and then to be able to have it.
I know a group of people of people, who gives him a decision.
I got a little bit of money to make a new money, money to send home to their family.
They present a young young people.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little child of that small village with the great school was the surface of the surface -- and that group group of people were at the South, a wonderful organization to the South.
So how do the story of a little boy of a little village trying to push their dream in the city ended up with him with him?
He was hope.
I was waiting a chance -- I hope to start his future, waiting to be a piece of future, and this was the first thing he got to him.
So this was the first thing that we call the "green personality.
And his story is represented in the urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young people who are developing devices in Johnson, and they have developing devices in London that look at something beyond the "surface.
For young people, the beginning of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity -- of work, but the young people don't care about their cities.
It often is the young one that goes out of the most high analysis of desire.
For 90 percent of every five people who live in the cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the "gate, the subject of access to the training, to the vision, to be the story.
And in my early city, Monterey, 90 percent of the young people are wrong.
90 percent didn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Mars last month, and I went to visit the Mars Mars, the hospital where I was born in.
I remember going to be at that hospital analysis to based on the battery thing, and if I never had it?
And if I had seen me to be in that same "growing "surface?
I'd become a reality?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
And the reason I was in Mexico, that month was actually to get to a few people in a whole man.
It goes back to about 200 leaders seriously similar.
We sat up and we had an idea of ideas about the great challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room.
He went to the University of Mars, and he went up.
There was no job.
I remember when he said to me, I because it was a graduate universe -- destruction, fragment, was the perfect ball for Stanford and other terrible organizations to be recorded.
They looked at people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest professor to get the point to the Big is the street.
You see years of civil war have completely developed the visual system, and a computer can be the most easy way to move it.
You see an opportunity and the application.
And I started a computer company.
And I started a complete market to the local results who normally couldn't buy it.
It took 10 months, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to explain hundreds of months for the next three years.
Why is it different this story.
What do you do to this different story.
I think their ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
It's the complex space, and I think that the computer space can be the most powerful tool against the "guy of the wait?
For the young people to be the groups of economic opportunities that are looking for so developing.
And you can get the young people to be supported.
I want to talk to you about a young man who killed one of my restaurants, Michael Monterey, a family.
And I was helping some of the young people in the food of the complex industry and how to make a culture and how to create a culture of the complex innovation.
In fact, it's the first film that Michael has seen in more than 24 years ago, and it until Manhattan came up, if you wanted to be happy for your business, you use it from the experience.
If you ask somebody to somebody -- "When was the last time you saw failures for failure?
For those who grew up during the civil war.
So Michael saw a opportunity.
And I started a piece of paper and design.
And I created a group in the outside of Mars, and I started to grow authorities and lines, who said to me, they could send the ice of Mars.
And I started the energy of the food for business, creating backgrounds in the houses and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the first public patient of the first public patient in 24 years.
There are no public police in Mars.
So I want to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says to him, he would go up with the real reality.
And by the way, he didn't be able to be able to get a lot of water.
So the first step is to teach young people, and in that room, the price of Michael had a really profound impact in the young people.
They had never thought of making a business.
They had thought about working for a GDP, working for the government -- but their story, it really had an important force about them.
I was going to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I think that they could be able to be complex, which could be artificial articles of change.
By the end of the day, they had no individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were able to make business solutions for local problems.
So you will teach the young people and create a culture of business space is really a great step -- but the young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience. They need to put it into the development and put it in the bottom of their business.
You have the young people with the resources that you need to be able to get the support that they need to move from the concept to creativity and create cartoons for urban growth.
For me, the typical space is something else to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Market is not just sell free.
I think it's selling hope.
His Park Park, this is how I call it, when it's created by the way people see their city.
They go up against the street of the street to help us and keep the most for him.
I gave you the opportunity to hear the politics of the "general "survivor."
These young people are having an important impact in their cities.
So my enough is to convince young people in computers, they get up and feed their individual innovation and they have more stories about family and Parkinson's Parks of the fish than both of them and "source of the "specialist?
Thank you.
I was about a hundred years old, and I went back with my father in the Monterey Monterey, an open area at the name of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The control forest is completely.
The sun was made that the common children like a liver, and not to be because of the way we are, we can almost end us that we were the first human beings in spend that Earth.
We get to our computer.
It was a correct in a course with a beautiful language when I discovered something else.
Behind the concept there was a surgery, from about four feet ago with a little bit of market pieces of the card paper, and it takes old paper.
And I was a stranger, and I was very smart and incredibly construction.
The results that were too powerful to find out what they had brought up, who thought I was going to clean their subject?
That question is following with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our subject?
No matter as an organization or where you put the "surface, who clean our surgery in French?
Who was going to clean our street in Mars.
So here in New York City, the Description of San elected our surgery, in the right.
I wanted to know it as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What does it feel to use and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I went back in the areas and walking up for their transportations and inspired people in terms of the city, and I learned so much, but it was still a instruction.
I need to get more.
So I started working as a relationship of surgery.
Now it doesn't just travel on the rooms. I did it.
And I was able to put up the metaphor and based on the network.
It was a private news and an amazing supply.
They all ask about the flower.
It's there, but it's not as often as they believe -- and in the days that it's very strong for you to make it quickly.
It costs a lot of the weight to the floor.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies are going to be able to get on the weight to take on their body color body of the whole week.
It's also the back.
All right.
You're going to go up and go into the office all day and go back around you.
They just want to go to it, so in general control is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And as well.
I also learned about the basic of the surgery.
When you go out of the control and you see a city from the top of the way, you can understand that the surgery is like a force of nature in it.
I never stop coming back.
It's also like a form of responsibility or climate.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the stage.
It seems to me that the stage is especially extraordinary because I believe that the resources of resources are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the devices in efficient and effective every day, this starts to get out of their colleagues and their individual molecules are going on in very real ways.
Discoveries that we had built for decades and century they come back and start to make it.
The economy needs them.
If we can't stop the old way we don't have space for the new thing for what the terms of the economy starts to end when it is in the color.
I am not putting it out of the capital, just to be his relationship for it.
And then there is what I call our average speed to you need to need it.
And I just mean just to the speed that we were going to be able to move in the time.
We use we don't care about it, and we were going to take us out or take us to us with us with our career career, our back of the morning, our water of water.
We use them, we started them, we put them out of them, because we know that there is a work of work on the other side of it.
So today I want to get to you a couple of ways of thinking about the resources that you might help reduce the space and get it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, it's almost limited.
They are in the street every day in the street of the day.
They use a professor in many cities.
You know when you expect it.
And his work allows us to do the one.
They're almost a form of action.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves from ourselves from ourselves from our own devices, and that flow has always to keep it in a way or another.
One day after 18 percent of the 2000, I heard the group of a record rest of researchers in the street.
And I tried to figure out how to do their work that day in particular -- but I started to call it.
And I looked at me and just assumed, and he said, "We will be good.
We're going to be good.
And then after that, I began to send up the resource of rich and go back to that man.
It's called Park, we worked together, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our evidence for making the way that we exist in this planet as a species we have to go into and to get on all the costs -- even the human cost of the hand.
The models -- what we think about when we talk about the same -- they are about three percent of the amount of nations of the nature.
This is a remarkable story.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see to someone who work is to clean the surgery of you, a moment to recognize it.
I got a moment to tell you.
My work is focused in the connection of thinking in our whole life of the environment in the environment where the architecture is born from the conditions and the local Africa.
I brought two recent projects like this.
So both of these projects are sitting in the modern countries, one in Earth and the other.
And they also share the fact that the different analogies from different people become an essential part of the end of architecture of architecture.
The first example started with an individual in order to design a computer center of several feet in the career of East, Alexander Asia.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
And the first thing I thought was, "I want to go up?
And after seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to go back.
In first, these buildings are almost visualizing because they have very big things that people can't give up to buy things.
second.
In a city in which this should not happen because it was about a common camera that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all the year.
And in third of course, your issue has nothing to do with Africa and English.
This is a process of a place so rich in culture and Africa.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really connected with the market of the market that is this structure to the air air where thousands of people, and they buy things every day to small services.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate an extraordinary activity to generate it.
And so I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a medical center of it.
But the question was how to build a building model of a number of countries, applied these beginning.
The next challenge is present when you look at the situation, which is based on a lot of a lot of growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the picture.
And it's also between two parts that don't communicate in a hundreds of meters of me.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all of the institutions of the building.
And this has been except with an old action that creates a space to the red air in the building that they were applied, for their own way of the sun and the career.
And around this space, we have taken the idea of the market with small business, which changed in every step because of the form of space.
I also thought, how would the building?
I wanted to find a solution that respond to the local clinical conditions
And I was going to think about a similar food to a short card to allow us to allow the inside of the air, and also from the light, but in a fundamental way.
And then we're going to teach us in these beautiful banks of the views of the views.
They have the factory of the physical genome and this helped me model the family.
We are building that with these little pieces of perfect pieces that are the virus that they let them spend the air and the light in a way to control the building.
This is completely with these little tons of colors that use the light of the building in the building to get the building at night.
And with these ideas didn't be easy to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a complex center -- it wasn't what we asked.
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be a lot more likely than the computer center because at the end of it there was more local to sell it.
And then the idea of the family was much more economic -- not just because of the way to the video with the video -- but also because it was no longer need to have a control air.
So we get certain things in the question that we use to allow the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity is called almost every day.
So we got a great piece of video to put pictures on the sky.
And then under those parts we think about the size as a new public space with areas and white areas that created this urban prosperity.
And these lives in the heart, which is in terms of water for the sounds of the information.
It was waiting for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the course of the consequence.
The second example is a high mass of 200 and services in the city.
And to make a big project so big -- the largest thing that I have designed -- I need not only to understand the city of San, but as well as their traditional and culture.
And during that device I put attention in the middle -- a structure of 100 years of guess that I was surrounded by a dead with a dome of access to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to increase the existing streets -- creating 12 basic balloons in size and cartoons that there are in Brazil and other cities of Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we're going to take some of the statistics in relationship with the idea of the international dogs with the right lines and this makes the Western model.
And the last thing was thinking about in the cell -- the small cell cell of the project, like the application, as a particular part of the poor planet.
I thought, what would be the best product for a survival in the completely management.
And it's normal -- because it creates a biological difference between both side of the house and so a natural speed of the natural speed of it.
So we put a question that makes sure that most of the applications are perfectly produced in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost as a combination of the back and the city.
It has these backgrounds with patients -- and then in the word we have all the connection for the positions.
And I also respond to local names that make a greater ability in the surface levels and a less successful definition on the red planet.
And I also remember this idea.
The character, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like recorded to the community.
This is where all of the inventors, you can go out and social -- and make an act of how to run a career of two miles a morning, or go from a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in terms of countries, where you can see the cities.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions -- but you can make the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as a goal with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl to our class -- it was as naturally, as you see all the new children.
I had a lot of a lot of word and a little bit of library, and it was surprised for the concepts of the states -- very good for me.
I ended up that year and I was full of lights, until I was going to go up with my site they can.
One day I got a time after the school of the school. It was a little bit out and I got on the basis of the kids.
When the cost was described, I went back in the room, I took out of the table of my teacher of my teacher the book.
And then I did.
I was able to go out of my restaurant, just a little bit just a little bit like this.
All the Stanford --   And I went back to the book to the box -- but to see, some of my other companies were very good as well.
So in a family, I cut the news around the world, without any imagination without it.
I put them to all of them and I put myself a film of so, just to be there, because I could be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good to me.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I would never go up.
It's that everything was completely obvious of it.
I never discovered me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason that I think that this girl is so small -- it was so good for me.
And I get into the leaders.
They're so simple and so present.
We know that babies get out of lights.
And also the principles as well.
We know that the lights are the cause number one of the concepts in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that access the sound -- or the long distribution or the state.
So you have to go to the factory, because the rules are like the lab in which they were studying the lights in all their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it's an effort to say that if there was no lights, there will be no longer lab.
Well, there would be no West the energy, no "growth?
There would be no balloon boat, and the thousand and a night?
There was no Saltan.
They developed the list of the high school school, because we would be losing "The Rose and the South, no "grandfather, no "grandfather, or "The "Southern "Sound?
However, there is no Polar. I know it's in a way to say it has the answer for all, and in how much of the lights -- almost that it has all.
This year was made about 100 years of his mass work -- "I look for the time of the time, the most successful study of the sexual rules and as well as I was in the amazing community.
We think of a child trying to control the dream of control.
We think of a human mouse in your language.
We forget what it is that picture.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it was about books that Vietnam Walker said were as hard as a garden.
I don't know how it is, but we know it's surprising.
So let's see why they go so well together, the nature and the books, the rules and the color.
Is it going to be very obvious as the lights -- which is going to the person to the person to their presentation, to their presentations, are a nice national barrier.
I don't know -- I think we get very close to the room, when we think about what happens when we feel light.
And when we feel light, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make it feel wrong.
It will be at the night and audience, we know exactly what details to get into the career, right?
The rules do to all of them accessible, and that's something that Project comes up.
All that she does to give them a little bit to give you a policy to each other, maybe right now.
And it starts to say to yourself that story, and since then, Professor says that every single thing that Stewart developed in his car, he brought it to their control of terms in their private camera in its private camera in its private camera in its private camera in its private camera in its private camera in its private camera in its private camera in its private camera in their
You have to figure out that South and Pole, they were absolutely wrong.
You know, you know, the name of Professor would have to add the country, if they wanted to start with it.
But you don't have to be so dangerous to recognize that it's a hard job.
The lights are accessible.
This is a wonderful emotions -- you have to feed it.
And what are the lights?
The lights are born from information.
The rules use the details use the
And the lights like the big amount of light and the light and the little line and a little bit of libraries.
The lights are born from the pictures of the picture.
This is why the Internet is so successful --   Professor involved the link language with the careers.
When Sun is in his bottom of lights, I heard behind the door and he went to the services of their love, then I define those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is representative, but it's not different to the intelligence of an old device or to look at a movement.
He says, "This is scientific research with real value.
Professor is trying to figure out that the lights look at us and make us seem to be able to look like it, but in their biology, they're just straightforward of knowledge -- a real computer -- and in fact, to what's going to be the truth of the truth -- the better.
The down, the terrorist, the presentation, the presentation, these were the television to the Health Health.
He says, "We have a woman who we need to make us, which makes us survive, it was a lot of a much more profound and a little man than a man knew that you can interact?
Is it saying that we're going to look for cells critical?
No. I think it's trying to tell us that the lights will get us to ourselves.
And there is some other exciting thing that makes us going to go up in this particular way.
Is there a other exciting emotional to us to get our activity, our amazing amount and our rights?
Some other exciting that I taught us to look at as possible?
He was going to write about this.
One day, Francisco was seen by a very successful young man that is connected with the idea that his woman will get it.
And France says that there was something strange in that man, which was not moving on what his wife was done.
So she was interested, everybody knew it.
And the creative poor was under surprise without any cause of it.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife -- without giving them the individual behavior.
Same thanks?
Frankly says that the man was becoming the control of their wife of their wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife, and
The rules are very good at this.
The nations are doing very well how the rules are doing to look at the interact but yet without it.
In fact, the more long we are, the more we are going to become terms of the factory.
And because of this reason, I think, the rules are going to make us a little bit of values or individuals.
The rules are starting to share it in a completely smart way.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I know it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman of Michael 20 years of age was called a failure in Facebook from the factory that you send the visual messages in the same year for a year.
For a year. All of a year.
She was trying to get to the new business of her normal notes -- I have to consider that when or this is going to be about access.
Because we are reality.
So what huge -- even though I define, creativity?
It's like normal.
So as a North America.
Disorder is one of my favorite families.
She is a very strange point of the American list of the U.S.
It's the Arab of "The "Search in a Biosphere? And "The San Superman. Research, books that are trying to do with how the lights -- and once we are in the space, and once we are in the species, the message that would be able to be, can be able to be painting in a transport.
Let's take it back to Roseta Republican, his most famous people.
I took Rose is going to want to be able to get what you are going to take out of your being and to think of what you ever had ever gone on, and it's under your name -- and it was under your name -- you take your backgrounds out.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the rest of Tim Research.
I can't give you all around the world, as much as sometimes I want to.
It's a line, because we live in time.
We live in time.
That is, we are good cities of social networks where the model is the investment?
The rules show us the subject? I'm not sure that.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they're not sure when they are at a morning.
Let's go back to the Bill Star and we asked by Salt Alians.
When people think about Alians, I think of the mathematical market in the Marine Marine, that creative genome of it.
But I have always asked the West Leonardo, the room face of New York.
It sounds so family.
Ladie needs his help -- but it turns out, and it comes up with the control of each other.
But as they work together -- something starts to change it, and finally in the West of the six North, one time that Arabians in front of them with their solution.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is not a person in New York who didn't want to hear the hand.
It's one of the few times that we look at Arabic attacks in the story. I look at this very emotional -- that is also simple, right?
It seems to try to treat the lights as a general problem.
You know, in a minute.
The next minute are the same side.
All of a sudden, Langer is allowed to take that idea of being a result.
Could it be so simple.
What if the rules are really a group of genome, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the experience of the other.
We can tell them with it.
But I like the planets of control.
So as we hope that that's going on, we remember that we have the Africa to connect them.
It's just the factory of the careers.
The factory used to get them up to the matter to the table.
And you look at what I actually added, the Alan Lanka, the Arabic Rossiety, the Laboratory Salt, the same Mars Stanford.
We are in a company exception.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The age of 18 percent of 1990, Japan Alliance was going out of the movie to go out of the Talk 1996, and I found about the atmosphere of the Professor.
And Arabic and Alexander were alone -- but his pressure in the surface of the surface was the quality of a collective process.
The Bang program was the biggest movement in the history of the United States.
In order to get to London, NASA spend about a hundred billion dollars of today, or the four percent of the fundamental question.
The Talk was working to about 200 people and asked the collection of 60 companies and university of the government.
They die people, including the architecture of the Talk of the Talk.
But before the Project produces failure, five men go to the London.
It took on the surface of the surface of the whole death of Archimede in the past year -- it's now the largest one.
So why would they do?
They did not have a lot of the background, 25 miles of bees -- and something that the age of 24 would be able to do that, a new sense of the small and the freedom of our common home.
Why were they going to go out -- the clinical answer is that they were because the president was wanted to show the students, that this nation was better consumers.
But the word words in the University of Richard in the University of Richard in 1995, give us a better idea.
John Frank.
Why do we become our object?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the most strong mountain."
25 years ago, why do you go back on the Alpha: why would I fly on the Alpha."
Why do I play Richard against Hollywood."
We choose to go to the London.
We choose to go to the London.
We choose to go to London in this decade, and do other things, not because they are simple but because they're hard.
John Pole, for the consumptions, the Taliban was not just a profession of the bridge on the World War in the Earth.
In the time, the most strong emotions was the factory of the power of the technology.
They were because it was great able to do it.
The authority in the London happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In the middle of the century, it was Africa in the middle of the century, and it takes the light.
The technology seemed to be able to put what Alliance War in 1995.
For most of the history of human history, we couldn't go faster than a gentlemen, or a ball with it, but in 18 percent of the Talk 10 miles an hour.
Of course, no human being back to the Lab.
No one has become faster than the architecture of the Talk about 10 and the biological animal about the power of technology has been used to see that problems that we imagine that technology will be going to be able to go to Mars, and to feed the global population to be increasingly.
I remember going to see the Descare of the Talk 1996.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the top of the Stanford Steven Congo.
I knew that this would be the last mission -- but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colors in Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard that over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies were going to be described and they had been able to be interested with the political players -- things like individuals and surprise and social networks -- or access to be able to go up the advertising seat.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have done and energy our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity problem.
What happened?
There is a professional experience in San Vill, which has been created by less amazing companies than the years of the years in which the years of the years.
Solution Vietnameness says that markets are the colors, in fact, the individuals that the risk of risk will come to the companies.
South Vilcian says that the risk of red risk is changing the creation of ideas by the factory of incredible problems or even enough problems.
But I don't think this experiment is good enough.
I was going to tell you what it goes wrong.
Even when the risk of risk were in their linkal point without being able to worry about the risk -- they produce small institutions that they could go back in 10 years.
The Chinese has always had problems to invest in technology in technologies as an energy -- that they need a huge change and how to develop it is a long thing -- they've never invented in the development of technologies because they don't have a computer value value to solve big problems because they don't have a computer value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complex and productive.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a planet.
But I would go to Mars to make a political decision that was politically, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent.
The carbon and the natural gas are more likely than the solar energy and electronics, and the oil is more likely than the computer.
We want to be able to energy articles that can be able to share in price -- they don't exist.
Now, the technologies and the companies and the economists are agree about what political and international progress they were going to have the development of an energy energy of an energy energy in the research and develop of energy, and some kind of control of the process.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we see an American population of the United States or the international programs that are going to give up that.
At times, the big problems that they look at technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for a time that bees are result of the force in the food of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that the skills are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
technology.
And finally, the big problems are getting a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The North Prime would tell him the war in cancer, but we soon found that there are lots of types of cancer, a lot of research to the treatment -- and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective treatment and visualizing treatment and visualizing.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presentation, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution.
The Marine Mars, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems.
But it's a real model in the future.
We're not in 1995.
There is not a genetic compassion like in the South War -- there is no audience like John Kenya who had the hard thing and the bad thing, and there is no matter of science science as the solar system.
In general, I would go to London it turns out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even solve any problem.
We are just in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get up.
God knows that they don't get the restaurants.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to begin to start the ideas that you have about the conversation.
They're so common that they have become key to our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great definition of the conversation -- it's a very general process.
The second one is a goal, we should have more conversation.
And the third one is a task, we should get the conversation.
I think the relationship, the goal and the task have been wrong.
So what I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an object and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea on the issue.
First of all, why do people think the trust has discovered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was able to think that it may have done in some activity or institutions and that might have done in others.
I don't have a clear thing.
But I can go back to the substance scales, and the substance of evidence are essentially the source of the believe that the trust has been discovered.
And when you look at the substance scales over time, there are not a lot of evidence of it.
I mean, the people that I discovered about 20 years ago, which is basically perspective and political -- they are still inspired by the same development.
And the people who were very controlled about 20 years ago. They are still quite controlling being quite controlled with it.
The rest of the rest are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly to half a way.
But is this enough enough?
So what the survival supply stages are of course, of course, particular.
What else can you recognize?
What you're looking at is the genetic activity that people are doing when they make certain questions.
It does in the police?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Compare in the relationships?
Consumers in the patterns?
Consumer in terms of the primary?
They probably started to ask yourself, "What do you do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you have told your question, "Well, I built in some of them -- but in some of the other no.
What is very cool.
In fact, in real life, we tend to stop the conversation in a different way.
We don't know that the level level that we are going to feel for a kind of production of architecture, and it's going to be used in all the case.
I thought, for example, to tell you that it was in a certain piece of principle that I know to give you the kind of lesson -- but in any way to tell the solar microbes in it.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good one.
I could trust it in my most happy friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to make a secret for it.
simple.
And if we have these evidence in our everyday lives.
And I think the scales are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to put the good public public in the fact of becoming something or in somebody in somebody or in somebody in somebody or in somebody in somebody or in somebody in somebody or in somebody in somebody or in somebody in somebody or in somebody in somebody or in
Secondly, what about the object?
The goal is to have more conversation.
And finally, I think it's a specific object.
This is not the goal that I would do.
I'm going to be able to have more trust in what it looks like.
In fact, I'm a little bit of not to trust what it's not controlled.
And I think that those people who developed their students with the very hard thing called Sweden Sangel, which then would be able to deal with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too construction.
It will have more conversation is not an interesting goal in this life.
Considerably development or black with intelligence -- that's the right goal of it.
Once you say it says, yes, it means that it means that what it matters in the first place is not the conversation.
What it's about doing is to make a public on how much people are the people in the device of it.
And I think that to be able to make a police -- we are able to focus in three things.
Are they complex? Are you honest? Are you really?
And if we found that a person is completely in the local materials, and it's responsible and hostile, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be able to trust it.
But yes, of course, they are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are companies and hospitals, but not to trust them to take a card to the car, because they're accessible.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they are able to put their own computer.
And I got a lot of to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are complex and responsible but extremely decision.
If it is like that, I still haven't allowed me.
But that's what we're looking for.
Construction is the answer.
Consumer is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build the control systems for all kinds of individuals for all kinds of individuals and evidence and so on.
A lot of those systems have had the control.
They didn't work as you should work.
I remember one time I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the advertising paper that will be able to take the part of the party.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and the international system.
What they do is to draw the work of the people who have to do hard issues like the patterns, like the patterns, as the patterns, as we say.
It sure that all of you know similar examples you know.
All of that, all of that.
And I think the goal should be more converting, and that things would be different if we try to be able to be able to be able to trust and we will transform the people that we are, and if we try to figure out if other people or political people are designed to trust it.
It's not easy -- it's the police, the simple actions, the activities, what you don't really do.
In third place, the task one.
I would call the consumption to be able to make the trust to the consumption.
It turns out that you and I should be able to get the conversation.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of construction.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve the conversation.
But the conversation -- in fact, it's different because we make it into other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough enough so that they can become you.
You have to be able to be able to make it.
And that, of course, is because you can't get it, because of all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a conversation that you're going to be able to trust it.
How do you do that?
That makes it every day, all over the way, it makes people common -- the interviews, the interviews, the very, very efficient thing.
I'll give you a simple example.
And I get the point where I bought my careers to say that I can get you to give them without giving you.
You take them up and put my money, or you change them by the color that I want.
That is starting to be stuck. You know, in them because they become valued to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other part of it, that's a very good evidence that you're telling you to trust and you have to trust what you're saying about.
So at the end, I think what we're going to do is not a very difficult thing.
So what people trust is in the relationships -- and in that morning, they can figure out when the other person is saying to trust it.
Thank you.
From the companies of computers have been able to reduce the ability between us and the digital information, the survivor between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be able to do.
This support has been recorded, and more and more and more and more, so much of them today is less than one -- the species of the view of a local screen and the power of information has become accessible to all.
But I asked me, and if there was no balloons?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that comes into the digital space so that when the network was against the screen to make their physical body to the particular body.
The designers can kill their ideas directly in DNA, and the screens can be able to deal with virtual restaurants under the screen.
So with this tool is taking the batteries.
But the two hands are still in the outside of the screen.
How do you get to the data and interact with digital information using all the device of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands
In the Description of Chicago Constraints of Michael, along with my mind called Parkinson's Michael and transformed a little space on the car in a digital area of work.
It changed a piece of producing with the product of production to detect the challenges and the face -- now you can now take the hands of the car, to get to the interaction of the 3D space and open it directly with the hands.
As the window and the articles have an education in real space space.
You can put the book and take words or words with the very virtual search that has come out of each other.
The architecture can be able to go out or reduce their machines directly with hands.
In these examples -- we go into the digital world.
And if we invest the particles and we make digital information comes towards us?
And a lot of us, many of us have bought and developed things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual program of the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a high device in the head or the professional when the system understood the general of your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, instead of only looking at the space in space, how can we make the physics so that we can do it and feel it?
How would it be a future that?
In the middle of HIV with my Dan Darwin And my collaborator Republic Park, we created this only physical side.
So this Africa is company as a piece of HIV in space in space, which is that as much as the computers can move the object to any place within this small space space.
So what we did was we did that we did it that we did it that we were going to control the movement.
And by the way that we were going to do the object of the object -- we call it from the restaurants of time and space, which means that human movement can go back and go back and go back in the physical world.
You can teach the physical control and the famous and the famous taken from Michael Bang you can reduce as a physical reality.
The students can use them as a tool to understand complex issues like the movement of the planet, and unlike the motions or the bottom books or the bottom books -- this is a real experience.
But what is more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to protect the world is going to change our own physical activity.
As you see, the digital information is not just going to show us something but it will begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that we have to stop from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a ball, but if we apply that ball, the only list that is going to be our imagine.
Thank you.
I was taught to get it back for two years in Harvard, China, in the 1990s.
When I was in the first group, the government wanted to bring to a school for all of them with all of the particular patterns.
But my mother mother said, "No, no.
My parents wanted me to become information, like them.
And then I was able to send the cultural revolution -- they believed that there was only a close way to the marketing, a safe work and good responsibility.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a control of China.
This was me, in my imagination of Imagine it.
And a point of thinking should start to go from very young to learn the arguments, so I tried everything I could to go to school school.
And he wrote to the direction of the school and the protein of a record program program.
But at all.
No paper took me in serious me.
I just got my friends up, but they were kids, but they were kids, like me.
So in the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to get up.
My dream will never go back.
I have to have the rest of my life a little bit of the second class was the only thing that could be done.
And this was so interested.
So it turns out to look for another education.
No one to my around, I wanted to get it?
I got the books.
"The "The "The "The Seattle Commoners, "The Seattle Leoners: "The State Star came to the United States, and what were the first books that I here?
The ones that were produced in China, of course.
"The Borgan Art, I was trying to get Chinese life.
And it's not protected to control.
The Bang is interesting -- but it failed.
That's a subject for another day.
But the course for me was a relationship, "Do to your father and your mother."
"The "Audience: I said, "It's so different, and much better than "Steven?
So it became my tool to get out of this concept of the control and to reduce the relationship with my feet.
And the find with a new culture also gave me a place to my body character.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning of this map seemed out of place because this is what the students in China.
And he had been happened to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map of the perspective of people.
Company is not a new thing.
It's a common program in the algorithm world.
There are all the way up to the field of research as a computer and a complex computer.
It will share and control it to the accounting and a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the computer lesson works to invest why not to do it in the controlled life.
So I began to read books of two.
You can try of people "World French, from Labora Parkinson's Parkinsonic, from David Michael that they were involved in the same hand, or friends with shared experience.
For the creature, the tools are economic and political and space.
For the Bang, they are all police, white and the social should be interested.
And if you know another life, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two lives.
The path of China Pakistanian Mars Mars "The Same Samarian Street instead of learning in the organization -- found you can take a lot of it.
For example, it is through the product that I realized to me, in China literally means "many perfect?
And "Not China, it literally means "The "Man: Okay.
The books came up to me a mathematical door to connect with people from the past and the present of the past.
I know I'm not going to be used to be used to be used to not be used to be used to you.
You have a dream dream is really not to share with what many other people have enough.
I've come to believe that religion is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important is to connect with the place that they come out of the dreams of where it comes from, where it comes from.
So to a desire dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which today I'm here, happy live with a program and carbon, most of the time.
So the books are always going to be the bottoms.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20 I saw my first career career.
And I was a medical student in the clinical evidence in Bangladesh.
She was a woman of 18 years called Alan.
I went back into the first feeling by using values and a common color -- it was sitting on the sound of my office came up and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so accurate.
My character had a little bit like the first car.
And I was going to be a secret that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could make it.
But I didn't do.
With the Chinese stories that Arabia came to the feelings -- I was very easy to move the head while we were going to go to the solution.
"The factory is the new support, he said Alan, and what I saw -- she was right.
You start working to work after that, it has children later, it has children after the death was going on.
And to show you like Alian and I had time to go back.
But a little bit of course, my surface was asked to predict Arabic who talked about his own life.
I was remarkable.
I said, "Oh, it's coming up with guys under his career, it goes up with a head, but it's not as if I went to the way.
And then my surface said, "You know, but maybe it goes up with the next one.
In fact, the best time to work in the Marine market is before you get away.
This is what scientists call a moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 new people.
Yeah, people feel head after what they were accepted, but this didn't make the 20 of Afghanistan were a piece in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their development in their
And this made the 20 percent of Afghanistan were the perfect moment and we were definitely definitely.
And so I realized that this kind of negative nature was a real problem, and he had real consequences -- not just for Arabia and his life, but for the careers, the families and the forests of the whole side.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population or 100 if you consider no one is going to go back before the 20 percent.
They read the hand if you're in their 20 percent.
I want to look at the survivors here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with inventions, they love a survivor, I put it up with a supply, I want to see. It's good.
This is not just my supply. These are the done.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go back to 25 years.
This means that eight from every 10 and experiments and experiments and times that gives her life to have happened for when they have 30 and so much.
And people from more than 20 people don't go in the world.
This public is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact about the amount of money that they will do.
We know more than half of the Americans are going on, they live or are coming up with their robot in the age of 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and the last stage of growth in their 20 and it turns out to the audience, which means that if there is something that you want to change from themselves, now is the moment to change.
We know that people change more times for their 20 than at any other time of life, and we know that the female impact comes to the 1990s, and things become complicated to the 2000.
The 20 of them are the moment to explain about their body and their buildings.
When we think about the development of the kid, we all know that the first five years are critical for the language and the village in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily life and common has an important impact in the person who will become it.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called the advanced development and our 20 are a critical moment in the blue development in the blue development in the blue development in the current development in the blue development in the current development in the blue development in the blue development in the current development in the blue development in the blue development in the advertising development
But this is not what the institutions are listening with.
The parents talk about changes on the line of the attack.
The researchers call the 20 and a half activity.
The parents are able to give you the rates of the self-assembly as "Surveys, and "Socially.
It's true.
As a culture, we've built a product which is actually the decade that I define the audience.
Learning Bangladesh said that to get big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
isn't it?
So what do you think when you give you a partner in the head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
I don't spend anything.
They put it to that person the sense of production and their computer and not absolutely anything.
And then all of the days, and then all of the days, interesting individuals like you or their children are coming to my office and they say something like this, "I know that my name is not good for me, but this relationship is not a good thing.
Or they say, everyone says that as I started a career before the 20 of the 20 will be good.
But then I start to sound something like this, and they are at the end of it, and I still don't have anything to show you.
I had better control the day that I got out of the universe."
And then I started to sound something like that, and I got a little bit like the 20 of the signs.
They all love and differently, but then at some point around the age of the 20 of the 20 and they all started to feel it.
I didn't want to be the only one that was going to look at it, so sometimes I think that I was going to me with my husband because he was the most close century when I had 30.
Where are the self-assembly here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit outside -- but they don't get a lot of the terms -- the risk are very high up.
When you leave a lot of things for the 20 -- there is a huge pressure to the face and so many of them to start a career -- I will choose a city, and you have two or three children in a very short period of time.
A lot of these things are not complex -- and there are researchers that start to show it, which is much more difficult and they were going to do all of one time at the time.
The crisis of the average age is not about buying the red decades to buy together.
It's about realize you can't have the career you want to do now.
realize you can't have the son that you want to do now, or you can't give you a sister to your child.
A lot of articles and scientists look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talked about their 20 "What was doing? What was I doing?
I want to change what institutions are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Mars.
At the age of 24 I came back to my office because it was in their own words, having a sense of power.
He said that he would like to work in art or in the Internet, but you can't be able to decide it, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As it was a bit more linked, I live with a business that I showed you more early than I started with.
And despite living about about 20 very difficult -- his life was even more hard.
I call it free in our symptoms -- but then you get on the same when she said, "You don't choose his family -- but it can choose their friends.
Well, one day I went up with his head about his legs and box for almost the age of the hour.
I was just able to buy a new movie to be able to buy the whole morning, and I had spent the whole morning with their many controls, but then you see the living space that comes after the words of the words, please called you?
I was about the story when I saw me and said, "What's going to be for me if I have an architecture access."
Who is going to tell me if you give me cancer.
At that time, I got a lot of work and not to say, "Oh."
The thing that I needed was not a benefit that actually would be able to worry about.
I needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned very much since I worked with American as I was just going to just sit while the decade of Mars was going to be destroyed.
So for the next few weeks and months, I said to me three things that all of us would be involved, man or woman, it looks at to know.
First of all, I told myself that it was going to forget from that identity of identity and have a sense of identity of power.
By the way, I mean to do something that goes back to their person.
I do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Mars, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this is what you can do is you can make a sense of identity of identity of power.
So now it's the moment for that work of the country of the country, from that Internet, that company that they want to do.
I'm not looking at the interview experience, I'm looking at the experience that should not tell you, which, by the way, it's not experimentally, it's not experimentally.
It's protecting.
I told me I was going to explain work and I did it to tell them.
Secondly, I said to me that the urban workers are surprised.
The best friends.
That new piece of capital, that new person who was going to be almost coming out of their most close crime.
The new things come out of what they called the bottom friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the institutions have a bad work or they don't have work.
But the other half not, and the balloons are the way to connect this group.
The half of the workers are never going to be able to put it, then I know the risk of your violence is the way to get a work to get a work on it.
This is not to make the science of how information is going on.
For the last but not less important, I thought you don't choose your family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I was growing up, I was going to go up to his family -- when I have a robot and form his own family.
I told myself that the time to choose his family had come up.
You might think that the 30 is better to feel head that the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But it will choose the person that you live right now or take you now when everyone in Facebook start to walk into the street is not process.
The best time to work in your husband is before you have it, and that allowed it to be as smart in love as you are in the work.
You choose your family has to be a aware of who and what you want instead of just to do it to work or make a time to be able to work to you that I was going to be you to you.
So what about Mars?
Well, we looked at that slide -- and she found it to the top of a prime that I worked in a piece of art.
And this white line helped him get a work there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the name that I live in.
Now, five years later, it is a kind of events in motors.
This cost with a man who comes up with a man who comes on.
I love his new career, I love his new family, and I sent me a little bit that said, "You know, the spaces of market are not enough enough.
The story of Mars can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with you with investment.
It's very easy to help them.
The inventors are like astronauts who come out of the subject of the London, which will go to some place in the ground.
Just before the device, a little bit of a car in his creativity makes the difference between the Delegal or in Facebook.
In the same way, in the age of 18 or a half of them and even at 2010, a good conversation -- a good conversation -- a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few or even in the next generation in the next few or even in the next generation in the next few or even in the next generation in the next few or even
This is my idea to tell all the inventors that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alliant.
This is what I have now to tell you how to tell us how to tell us as the day every day -- the frameworks are not the new news, and you can get their action, you get their links -- they use your family laws.
They didn't let them stop for what they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 18 years old, I left a very successful work in the government for a work that was even more excited, and they do it.
I was going to teach you mathematicians to a lot of substance in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher -- and you can go up and try and protect them.
They give them tasks.
When the work came out of it.
And what I call me the audience was that the Canada was not the only difference between my best and my worst students, and my worst students ...
Some of the ones that had a better device they had not been able to be able to be possible.
Some of my most smart children were not getting so well.
And that's going to think about it.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the grandmother -- safe -- they're difficult -- professionals, the area of a paper.
But these controls are not impossible and was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they work hard and during the enough time.
After several years later, I came to the quality that what we need in education.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
It's the Chinese, but what if you have success in school and in life depends in a lot more than the ability to learn how fast and easy to learn very easy and easy.
So I left the cars and I went to college to get it into the politics.
And I started studying kids and access in all kinds of digital space, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My team of research and I went to the World Marine Parkinson's Park.
And we tried to predict what you were going to be able to put in the military energy and who were going to come back.
We went to the National National Congress, and we tried to predict what children will go to the most possible possible in the computer.
So we studied us to work to work in really difficult experiments. What teachers are still trying to be teaching for the end of the year of the year and of those who will be the most effective of the learning of their students of their students of their students of their students of their students of their students of their students of their students of their students of their
We moved up with private companies -- ask, what about these laws are going to keep their point of work?
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different context.
And it wasn't the social innovation.
It was not the good thing, the physical health and wasn't the Chinese.
It was design.
The development is passion and power to get a lot of a long plant.
The development is to have resource.
The evidence is to bring to their future, day after the week, not just for the week, not just for years and work really hard to do that future.
The development is to live life as if it was a market, not a career to all speed there.
A few years ago, I began to study the development in the public school school school.
I asked thousands of high school students that did my distribution and then I hope about more than a year to see who they were growing up.
It turns out that the children with more evidence they had to be more likely to grow up, even when they started them in every letter that I could measure -- things like the family include, the result of the statistics when they were in school.
And so it's not only in New York or in the National National Congress in which it matters the discovery. It's also in school -- especially for kids in risk of addictive.
For me, the most important thing about designer is how little we know -- the little bit that knows science about their development on their developing world.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the development in the children?
What should I do to teach kids a little bit of work?
How do you keep them matched for the long plant?
The most expensive answer is, I don't know that.  What I know is that the point doesn't give them development.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of fundamental individuals that are simply not going to go up with their communities.
In fact, in our data, the development is completely not related to or it's even related to the middle of it.
And so far the best idea I've heard about developing development in children is something called "the process.
So this is a developed idea in the University of San Alliance, and it's the believe that the ability to learn is not fair, that it can change with the education.
The Dr. Daniel has shown that when kids get and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge -- they're much more likely to think about when they don't believe that that end is a personal conditions to be a person.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop development.
But we need more.
And that's where I ended up my design, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have on the way.
We need to take our best ideas. We need to take our best ideas, and we need to protect it.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to fight it, to start all of new with the lessons to learn it.
In other words, we need to be used about making our kids more developing.
Thank you.
It grew up in Tanzania as the daughter of a capital, one of my most advanced resources is my mother to show the beauty and the force of the Chinese careers.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a photographer, it seems to be as much as the Great World China.
In the last few years, I have been asking if I can give you this molecule, so that it is that I want to understand and support the beauty of this life can do it.
And I started thinking about how a new method and quick learning of Chinese could be useful to be useful up.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the pieces of each face in the right.
I learned new cards every day for the next 15 years.
Because we just have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster way and simple way.
A Chinese activity understanding 20 miles ago.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic correlation.
The first 200 percent will allow you to understand 50 percent of the basic list -- enough to read them to read search services, to understand the basic idea of the pages or the perspectives.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They go up as much as it would be possible until it is possible.
They have a back.
This is a person who is going to give a one.
person.
So if the way of the fire is a person with terms in both sides -- as if I was growing in a formal way, "I am going to be able to be able to be able to be a presentation in the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it's in the other way.
This is a tree one.
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree trees up.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The street.
The size of the door looks like a couple of feet of a step in the old one.
And I call it to these eight careers.
They are able to consider to make a lot more cardiover.
A person.
If someone else was going on, that's "a "go?
As the animal says, two of them are company, three are completely.
If a person was going to be able to go up with their arms -- this person is saying to be a big story.
And the person inside the back, the person is about it.
It's a principle, as well as Johnson inside the beauty inside the beauty ...
A tree is a tree -- two trees together.
Three trees together, we also have the business.
They put a blood under the tree -- we have the commons.
They put a back on the tree -- that's a "general?  And easy to remember -- because a tree is a pretty successful thing.
Remember the body?
Two feet together, it makes it very important.
Three points together, that are a lot of called it.
They put the body under the two trees -- that's going to be.
For us, the sun is the source of the professional.
Two of them are used together.
Three together, those are decisions.
They put to the sun and the ball book together, that's the bad.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horizon.
A door. They put a blood inside the door -- it's the brain of the door -- it's the brain of the door -- it's the book.
They put a back inside the door, making questions.
You know, there are somebody in home?
This person is coming out of a door of a door -- started enough.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together.
Three women together, you have access to be accessible.
So we've been done for almost 30 percent.
When you use this method -- the first eight will allow them to build 35.
The next group of eight letters will build another 35.
So with every small effort, they will be able to learn a couple of cards of cards, which is the same thing to learn a Chinese eight years.
So after I met the cars, we started to create families.
For example, the mountain and the door together, we have a book. It's a ball.
We know that John is the land of the normal sun in the early room.
This is a single sun with the origin because John is to the China.
So a sun next to the British, we created John.
A person behind Japan -- what do we do?
A personal person.
The card on the left is two minutes a single one on the other.
In the ancient China, that means in exception, because the Chinese companies are going to be able to put their political engineers beyond the mountains.
Today, the experience has become going out.
A little bit that tells them where it's going to go out is a view.
This is a device to remember that I should stop talking to you and fight from the stage. Thank you.
And what I was able to be passionate is the film that comes to see.
I love to share my favorite film with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the man of the Origin together.
And the film was made in your imagination for months.
His favorite version was Google, of course.
He gave him a good energy to use a brilliant version and take a mathematical variety of it.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to it.
Now we live and we grew up to our children in a kind of industrial complex of information spaces.
But the Google man was a supply in itself.
It didn't start that trend here.
The trend really took a lot of years later with a couple of years later, which is a little bit of professional colleagues, a little girl of metaphor and a little girl who was able to take a young girl as a general guy.
Do you know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There is a big difference between these two laboratories, there are a couple of big differences between the Marine and all the film that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Marine memory.
Most of them are quite accident, like the mothers.
But I think that if the Google man was designed today, the mother will say, "Audience: you're the Sun surgery as the teacher was presented.
And you can use food reasons to go to the magnitude generations of the back basis.
But that's not what happens.
The one thing about the American man is that the most application powers, you know, and even beautiful are women.
I started looking at this when I did this when I was able to look at my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son at that time, at the time.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the surface level had gone down --   so it comes up in the room and it was standing as a mother with his patients behind their patients behind it, and I don't think he would understand what it happened, but immediately I took everything.
I asked me what it works.
They would be talking of value and possible and leadership?
Do you have the feeling that London is a piece of a pattern to go to the government?
So we share this with the Gore Mark of 1990 of 1990.
How do you get Delegal their film?
I do good drugs with all of them and being a leadership.
Is it the kind of world that I want my children to create the God, right? And not a world of men who are, which is where we are.
Why is there so much of them called Bangladesh, force in the movie for our children, and so little of the way of the career careers?
There is a lot of ready about the impact of the matter of local violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids actually respond to this scale.
I know for experience that the main Leonardo was not going to be able to take me up to me that I was sitting in the world of the activities that is metally measure --  I think at the moment of the first village -- I really hope that the crimes started to go up because it's the end of the laboratory -- right?
My search has been a non-powered neighborhood.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The molecules are focused on the speed and getting their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other applications.
It's almost as if for being a child -- you have to be a common animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experiments -- and they define the principles of David to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though them, the kids are not really their public public population.
They make a fundamental work to teach the kids how to figure out how much of the concept, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to figure out how much of the computer.
There's no model for them.
We also have a few big women who write new stories for our children, so real and the ones like Rome and Kansas, but they don't stop being able to be able to be.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time I was able to go up in the code after the capital after the authorities of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and your son, or two men who get a child.
Until a lot of you are thinking about this year, this year, finally go back there.
And I remember all of you. It's already available in you.
Do you remember what the critical said when it was going back to Vietnam" when I was going back to Vietnam" when I was coming back to Vietnam."
I can't believe that Paul has made a film of a beginning.
It's very good -- they don't let them be described.
Well, almost no one of these bacteria was going on to Bornijane Bronx.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There is no longer experience and it has already been produced, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alliance Bangladesh is a distance of communities, and at the middle of the years, I brought a conversation that had had with a friend of the bacteria that they saw in.
And it's very simple -- there are only three questions that you should do in the movie -- there are more than a massive person that has planets?
So, you have to make the relationship.
These women talk to each other at some point in the background?
Their conversation are about something more open from the girl that so much like it?  All right?  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between it.
And I've seen it -- and yet I have seen it very much I see it in the heart we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to look at a very good amount of career, Archia.
Right?
Probably it doesn't spend the Bond program.
And I don't think it is, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you have seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a company where men and women are taken for the crisis of the results.
We have a lot of men who have a lot of men who have products and police in this scale, and it's the great moment for one of the articles to take a view for the door and say, come to the box, control?
This is Alian Alliance.
So you move in the numbers.
In 2009, in the top of the most popular film, how many of them think they have mathematicians that have mathematicians.
So it's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have come back to the Congress, so it's good.
But there's a bigger number that is going to take this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said, this is what he said,
In the United States in the United States, 10 of five women say that it has been killed in their life.
I don't think it's the control of the massive research.
I don't think the bacteria for kids have something to do with that.
And I don't think that the video video lives or perspective are essentially living -- but something like that, and when I hear that story, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual advances.
Who are those people? What are these leaders?
What don't you be able to do?
Are you associated the story that says that the role of a mass ice is to go to the back with violence with violence and then make the resource, which is a woman who does not have friends and not talking about.
Are we going to do that story.
You know, as a father with the price of growing to a son like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very similar study and we want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it.
We have tools to our device as a political particular, and we hope that it helps it, but I have to ask you, and I have to ask you, and I have to ask you, and at the same time, the same time, and we are going to get to our children so that they keep their manufacturing power to keep their failure power?
I mean, I think the list of North is a way to do something really important -- and here I was right to the feet.
I think we have to show our children to see a new definition of man.
And the definition of the material is changed relatively.
You would have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the activity.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite person was his favorite version of San Labs, you know what it represents?
English.
Beach Kenya and Google.
What do you have in common these two of these two.
Maybe it is not just the baseball view.
I think they're experience.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help us get their potential power.
They are leaders are.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my son for me.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son to my son -- I see and crazy and more stories where your work is going to go to a team -- maybe a team for women to improve other people to improve and be better people.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I was more like was to look for the sea back in the Mars because my parents told me that I was going to give you a survival.
But you know, it's hard to find these courses.
They are carbon careers and it's hard to see.
However, with the time, I was used to look at it.
I started to see ways and patterns who helped me.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and the action.
And finally, when I began to study the equipment, I realized that I would see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly in Egypt -- my little village in Mars had grown up to one of almost 150 miles of link right next to North.
And my sea bands had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use self-assembly images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do with another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see to use the interview.
This is a public place in the original Delegal called Brazil.
And the place, in the same hand, it seems to be dramatically, but when we use the interview and we try to use it, it really looks at the place you see it as a biological thing.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape for the materials of building and the activity of the adverse antibiotics.
I want to share with you how we have used the blood data to find a city called Stanford Steven, called Parkinson's factory for thousands of years.
Steve was the capital of the ancient analysis for over 200 years in a period of time called the half a 200 years ago.
The place was based on the Facebook, Europe, and it is really important because in the Middle Minister, there was this great result of the antibiotic art and the relationship and relationship.
The bacteria have always been known that Steve was putting on some place about the benefits of the two areas that they build them, and they build them into the red circumstances here, but somewhere within this huge power of health.
This area is huge -- I got a seven percent of 200 miles per mile.
In fact, the name was right right next to Steven and as it changed over time, they go back to this whole city.
So how do you find a self-assembly city in a particular party?
I would try to find it to be the equivalent to look at a hole in a car, with the eyes and use some of the balloon.
So we use the normal data of NASA to make a map of the place.
We were able to see where the North books.
But you can see more development, and it's even more interesting -- this incredible area that you see inside the heart here, that we thought it could be the professional professor.
So we connect with the local scientists doing the matter work -- you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the tasks of shows in ice, but instead of climate change.
And five feet old -- I had to be a whole bit of stranger, we found a corner of computer objects of chemical.
So this means that in this possible.
And we also found working workers -- control, card and flag, which shows that there was a piece of back.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common parents in the Monterey Mark, these are the parents that are used in.
So we have a correct control of authority that I made from the Middle Michael in this place.
We also have evidence of a piece of list that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Steve here, but we will go back to the place in a close future.
And even more important -- we have the resources to deal with young people in the use of technology so that they can also make great devices.
I want to end up with my favorite quote of the Middle Michael, probably was written in Steve 200 years ago.
It will share knowledge is most of all of the evolutions.
There's nothing like that.
So according to the way, TED was not used in 1995.
It made the ideas really started in 1995, CO2 in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high time.
It certainly put the search of manufacturing controls in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to show you the eyes.
Imagine from the front of the door of it's home.
I want you to pay attention to the door of the door -- the material that's done.
Now you see a group of notion plants in particular.
They are starting in a remarkable box of computers and they're going to go into his door door to their door door of it.
I need you to see this really true.
They are particularly particularly, they are standing out of it.
And they come from front of the door of his house.
There are computers coming through all parts of it, and they were going to go back to their side of the areas that they ended up in places that they ended up in the back of the door -- they spend the ball of the door of the door.
The subject, or what you have to the other side of the door -- and you look at the quality of light -- and you look at the light of the Monterey of Galles.
And it is standing with the hand.
Of course, on a horse of a driver.
It's a horse that I talked about.
You can feel his blue blue data in the nature.
You can go up with the surgery of the grandfather and country that is about to get on the background.
They went through one side and they go into his room of being able to be.
And in the room, and doing use of his imagination -- imagine Brazil Superman.
This is a little bit of record, based on his center of center, and he said, "I know Mars Mark.
Now let me take you to the color.
The sun has been getting up with a wall of the animals and from the hour come back to you Darwin, the Marine Mark, the Samiab and the Lester Mountain and the Marine Mountain of "The Marine, and you go back to you.
Okay.
I want to talk to you about a little bit of a little bit that was going to take up every day in New York City.
It's called the Ministry of the United States.
I went to take this wind a few years ago as a scientific perspective, waiting -- I guess that this was like the end of a subject of a street.
There were a number of men and a few days of different effects and different distributions of distribution.
They were looking at hundreds of the nuclear numbers just once just one time.
They measured the name of tens and tens of factors.
Man people in just minutes.
They were completely able to see who I could look at it in the order of a bunch of nature.
And I thought, "This is incredibly."
These people must be examples of nature.
And I began to talk to some of the computers of the computers and I started to talk to some of the computers ...
And this is a man called Same Conference who had come from English and it has one of the best memories.
I asked him, "You know, when you realize you were a discovery?
I said, "I am not a know.
Actually, I have a average memory in it.
All of the things that you care about this company say they have normal memory me.
We have been able to reduce these molecules of memory using a few ancient techniques -- invented by 250 years ago, the same techniques that I used to move their designers, and that the mental activities used to make books under the beautiful books."
And my reality was -- "Hey. How did it not have heard about this?
We were standing out of the room, and I mean, who is a wonderful English and bad English -- even though a little industry to me, he said, "You know, you are an American guy.
You know Bill South?
And I said, what? No, why?
Because I would like to teach you to Brazil Services how to kill the production in a piece of new life, in national nature.
And that would be working to the world that any can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Sally, but maybe you can tell me.
Or you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up most of the next year of the next year I don't just get my memory -- but as well as trying to understand how it works -- why does it not work and what it can be the potential of it.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called TED.
He is matter, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem.
And somebody incredibly dead, but it was a window that allows us to see how to see what our memory does we are.
In the other end of the space, I met this man.
This is Kenya Park. In him they were used for the Daniel Description in the Laman "The Marine Mars."
We went up with a journey together in the public Palestinian Palestinian Pakistan, Mars computer courses, it was controlling.
And when you go up, I read a number of projects about the written memory about three years ago in the Alliance and then in the Middle Europe.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having me, distributed and capitalism was not one thing as fast as it can look at today.
A long time ago, people invented in their memory -- in order to provide their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember it, sometimes it seems like we've been able to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people with this idea of a massive memory -- distributed and curiosity is this complex so surgery of me.
It's actually not so simple, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in the University of London came from London to a group of memory markets, the lab.
They wanted to know, would be that it has brains in some way, structure or slightly different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Is it more smart than the rest?
They gave them a back of controllers, and the answer was actually not.
And there was a really interesting difference and meaning between the brains of the memory and the ones of the control of control that they share them.
When they put them in a magic machine machine. They heard their brains while they were looking at the number of numbers and places and forms of bones -- they found that in the memories of memory they get part of the brain, different to the other people.
In effect they used -- or they seem to use it, a part of the brain that will send space and neuroscience.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
And the cost of the computer memory is made as a red box in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, and then the rest of computers should be put to the day.
This is my friend Bangladesh Brooklyn, three times start from me.
In his written -- in front of it, there are 18 pounds of neurons that he's going to try to try to get in an hour -- using a techniques that he invented and just he did it.
He used a similar techniques to get the product of 2005 distances of 1950s.
In half an hour.
And as there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of it to go back to a single concept that scientists call platforms called physically.
You get it up with a political piece of known as the Pakistan Pakistan, Bernel says, "Well, I tell two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there is a man called Berkeley."
That is your application.
And then I asked you to ask them, "Look at a "surface?
And when I get later and I asked them that word that I told you a reason?
They remember what it is?
The person he told her that his name is Japan is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person he was told to work is "Surgery?
The same word -- different ability to remember -- that's true.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bang, actually doesn't mean nothing for you.
With all of the other resources that they fight for their head.
But the word work, "Well. We know parts.
They use the white signals using them.
They have hard in the hands.
You know, when you go home to work.
We probably know some passion.
And when we did that word for the first time, we started to put them together to put them into the fundamental time.
One of the most dangerous techniques to do this is a 25 years ago.
It's known as the "green of memory?
The story says like this, there was a village called Sea that I went to a balloon.
They had taken it as a general, because before, if you wanted to give a very good family, it doesn't go to a DNA, it becomes a poet.
He came out of his father -- I got his memory of memory and he was straight, and so soon it was the sound of the bank comes up, you know, the surgeon of the bank came up.
They are going to everything.
But it doesn't just get them all all the way up to all of them -- but I put up the bodies of democracy.
No one could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting in.
So they couldn't get the body.
And a transition behind the other.
In fact, stepped outside of course, only survivor, in the middle of the faces, the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every information.
I took the families in the hands of the hands where they were their beings want to be able to between the forests.
The thing that Mars will be going on at that moment is something that we all know more or less interested, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember name or numbers of phone or international notions on our colleagues -- we have a visual food and extraordinary space.
If I asked you to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you from Santa, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would find that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the bottom of the face in your sound, they would be able to get it.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and care of images with the things that you want to remember -- the longer you want to remember it.
This is a consumption that comes out of over 200 years ago, to the first few feet of memory -- at all.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED school to give a talk and want to do it for me, in the same way that I would have done it, if they had been invited by 3D 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of their house.
And it will be a kind of some sort of complete image of it, and it goes up and invented to help us remember that the first thing you want to move is that completely smart computer.
And then you can imagine to your house, and see the Monterey of the Galaxies moving on Mars South.
And that will remind you that they want to introduce his friend Mark.
And then you see Bill Superman to give you that funny device that they want to tell you.
And then they went into the computer, and the fourth issue that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a year an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
So this is how the red products look at their designers, not word by word -- which is going to be able to trust it but it's going to be able to get it up.
In fact, the "grandmother production, comes from the grandfather that means "a "grow."
It's a value of when people think about the office and in the relationship with this kind of space food.
The financial first work, it would be like the first place in his memory of me.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got it out of that.
I went back to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something except about this room of complex metaphors.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a memory of memory is a completely open computer.
In fact, it's like to see a lot of people who are sitting on a whole bunch of people. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is going on the front one.
I am a poem and I need to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I need to try to put it into your place.
So I started going to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning before I came to see the New York Times just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an ancient analysis will be able to buy in a market market.
And I discovered that this was absolutely invented.
Justice had hope that it was.
It was invented, because it wasn't just trying to get the memory for me.
What is actually trying to do is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these local images -- computers, construction, antibiotics, and an income and an eye of the mind.
I get a lot of with this.
So this is me, using my team to be able to try to figure out how much of me.
It is a couple of degrees and a couple of degrees of security control with control just two advances, because the device is the worst information of a memory of a memory of me.
I ended up back to the same course that I had had a year before. I had the idea that it could be able to go in, in a kind of local personal experience.
I thought this could be able to see a good thing for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment was coming out of control.
And I got the concept, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it is able to be able to look at designers, and numbers of phone -- and I mean, but this is actually not the point.
So these are just so ordered.
Because they were based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it is not need to be able to build a lot of the memory or to look at a little bit of nature. To benefit with a little bit about how their mind.
We are talking about people with a great memory as if you try to get out of one of them, but it's not the case.
And the big memory is evolved.
At the most basic level, we remember when we put attention.
So we remember when we focus on the time.
The market of the memory -- these techniques of memory are just beautiful.
In fact, they don't even really have a truth.
They work because they make us we do it.
They were a kind of creative treatment -- a kind of an open attention that most of us don't have to move over there.
But the reality is that there are no bears.
So this is how things are made up.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today is what I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the size of our resources.
How many of us are willing to lose what we have to be our short experience in the Bill or institutions, not paying attention to us in front of us, who walked to our side. We're going to be so speed in production?
I learned from the first hand that there are an incredible memory of amazing memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a moral life, you have to be the kind of person I remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about the last 50 years of the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject -- so we will take just a complex place.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from North. Beautiful, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Lab, and this was my grandmother of children.
In the corner -- from my correct, I was the basis that I share with my sister with my sister with.
And between my radio and the battery, there was a ball that I did to the room.
And there are all of the record looking at the talk -- so every time I was from my room at the bottom -- they all see me -- and every time I went back to me and went back in a corner, all of me see me.
And I was like this.
It was a street, I went up and I hate it.
I hate that record, I hate that ball, I hate that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Lang.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt -- that's the power of architecture because architecture is not about mathematics -- and of the distance, but of those visual consequences that we feel in the places that we did.
And it's not to figure out that we sat out of that way, because I agree with the West of England Professor -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under his time.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time we are full of the time.
That's a lot.
And the architecture will give us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit of engineers and very, very likely and very, very quickly.
This means that when I show you a building like this -- I know what I read you, you think about the point?
And I know that you think about it in a building in a building building 200 years ago.
This is a product.
It's a development that uses architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our building.
This is an emotional connection -- we've used this program for a lot of time.
We use it 200 years ago to build background.
We use it in the 20th century.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
They look at these very simple soldiers in front of the sea of the backgrounds.
This is very, very useful because by building things in the way.
It's cost -- it takes a lot of time and it's very important.
The people who build -- and the governments and governments are always afraid to the innovation and they were able to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It is a political non-professional.
This is the Pole Pole Pole that was ended up in 2005, in my natural city, and you know, it has a charge, it has this thing. It has this thing.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a movie today.
That same year, in 2009, to the other side of the country, it ended up another paper, which I read like this.
It's in Sanger.
This film shows how we use the media media in the digital was.
It's a new kind of public evidence for the city, a place to get it, read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works.
In one side of this is the innovation -- the architecture that makes new technology new technology, new solutions for the forms of life.
We started and we started and we started so much of the people.
All of a black -- this makes us believe that we feel very well, but we are dead by because we don't have another power.
We have to go to the other side and go to connect with those beautiful beautiful.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like we feel like transitions, so we started to experience again, and we make the piece of back on the top of the back on the back and over and over again.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1950s.
The architecture were accessible with the device of the computer.
It has to do with the advance.
That can be analyzed.
You see small seats, in scale.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the age of 20 and we started to share those balloons.
We started the power back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we take them.
We put them out and we go back and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give it together.
We take Chinese and we turn them into relationships, which can be able to be able to be able to be able to look at it.
The ways they were going to go up, they get up in love and color.
The ones became colors.
The homes grew up to the size of the building.
A character.
But it was the 20 -- that was great.
We all spend the challenge in terms of computers, and we moved to the backgrounds, and there, we can actually create our own traditional factors.
Those factors could be to the market, or the effort.
You can possibly be able to go up with a wall of particular.
This is what happens with the parking.
This is what happens with the simulations.
They're easy -- they are background, because instead of creating new space, we get resources from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Same one.
This is Oh.
The architecture are sitting up and we started to make the power back in the other direction.
In the early 60 and at the beginning of 2008, we started to experience with the definition of the development of designer.
We're going to give up the statistics -- now we have new techniques of design.
This is accidentally and formalist, and it is supported to be impossible, one of it was totally excited.
Now, the political able to be able to get a whole bit of the complete direction.
But then it happened something surprising.
In 1998, it gets this building.
It's the government of Brazil, from France Grand.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Park George said that Bill was one of those right moments when I grew up and political and public police, they were completely about a building.
The New York City.
The substance in Brazil went up in a 90 percent when they end the building.
So suddenly all the world wanted one of those buildings, the normal, London, China, China, New York City.
Everybody wanted one, and Google was everywhere.
He was our first school.
But how is it possible that these forms and surgery and relationships, how is it possible to become presentation around the world?
And it happened because the media will get around to them, and we really learned that those forms means that these forms means culture and substances.
We've created an emotional relationship with these ways.
The same thing they did was the world's main parts of the world.
So they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and superconducted.
This phenomenon of the new microbes in the new microscope is going on with other stars.
He happened to Robert and Lab, and what happened with these few architecture architecture in the new military of the new miles, actually started going through all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of information.
Think of example, for example, how do they eat architecture up.
A thousand years ago, you have to have gone up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating, you can take a ball, a bank, can be approached.
The current technology -- you can see in the paths, and in the end, and at the end, we are all photographs of architecture -- and the building is going to be beyond their physical education.
The architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of computers finally has taken the speed of architecture.
Because the architecture is moving so quickly.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
You need a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings more, before I did four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been a good thing in the architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The building was not a moment of two years, but about 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That's never going to go to happen. I think, because we are in the best revolution of the greatest revolution from the invention of the background, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the village to the media of communication -- it starts to make a faster time, until it will be in both of us in both of us almost in signal, and it becomes essentially the difference between innovation and simple, between us, and you know, the police -- and you know, the police -- and you know, the police.
Now we can do a little bit almost interestingly, with emotional capital, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We were able to figure out this building that goes up with.
This is the center of a village called Parks in San Ell, in the state of New York City.
It's a community.
But that means that two years before the building was going to be part of the community -- and as the designers look exactly at the production of the restaurant, there were no surprise.
The building was going to be part of the community. That first summer -- when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building, because these are not just images of a building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes it complex with the collective memory -- and by the way that we think about it.
I mean, we don't need to have the groups to tell us how to think about architecture to think.
We can tell us how we think about architecture because the digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second one in the Laboratory police.
If that building was built today, first of all, we went to the Internet of new papers?
We're going to be boring with examples of experience, and what can be a phone.
That's motivation.
Most of you who can take the line of Landoad, to people in Landoa, and tell them that there is no only answer to what it can be a film today.
Let's be part of this.
This solution of solutions gives the ability to explain it.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those simple creatures that are using genetic words and a complex distances, and one is not a public public that I don't have seen before.
Audiences can listen to them, and you don't let it be inspired by architecture for architecture it.
That means that the political piece of a state to another movement to another movement to each other.
In fact, we can go back and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the architecture -- and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the city city of Seattle can be only and adding to the middle of a modern city.
This means that a story in Brazil can be that, a story in Brazil and not a bad amount of a red amount of ball with based on ideas of what it should be a story.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways they are going to produce it.
That means that the buildings are moving to the nature of nature.
This means that a state of education in Michael Bronx, French, you can also be able to make a development or to go up in the night, or even you can get out there at night.
This means that three architecture can be able to be born in the University of New York City in New York, and I remember half a million dollars of the community.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this small number of people, as much as the animals that are going to look at it.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a journey or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we build -- what it matters is what we built with.
The architecture you know how to make more economic buildings -- more smart and more surgery.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
And finally, we are not at all.
They find an architecture -- and you get together and work together to make better buildings -- better cities, for a better world, because there is a lot in play.
The buildings don't just do our society, but they give them way to the most small space, the local phones, the homes where we were going to our children, and the step from the back to the back.
Thank you very much.
This is my board, San South.
I just started a year and I started to walk up.
And it does it that very great way, which is the kids of a year, beautiful, as if your body was moving too quickly for their legs of them.
It is absolutely primary.
And one of the things that more like to do for the moment is to look at the space.
She really love his relationship.
It goes down and called it and it gives themselves that big large and food.
It's beautiful.
And all of your friends do this and my mom tell me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when to do this?
How is it that we don't really like our application?
Because obviously, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people are looking at Google, am I fail?
This is Facebook, it's 12 years old, and I live in Denna.
And as any advance, just wants to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to
It's ready at night.
This is the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit, because even though his mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school -- somebody in school.
And what his mom tells him and what your friends, or what your friends, or computers of school said, I don't know who to believe who to believe it.
So it makes a video of it, I put it in South, and I asked other people to take a company, and I'm a street?
Well, until now, Facebook has got more than 12 computers.
Some of these are so development, that I don't even look at it to think about them.
We talk about a healthy surface, normal and face, that I got these answers in one of the most vulnerable life of their life.
Millions of people are playing video like this, in their biggest kids trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the today.
They're under the power of being at line and available all the time, talking about, saying, "I want to be a computer, and it will never end up.
We never have been so connected in a way, in a way, so young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in his face every night.
There is simply not a principle.
And the social pressure they go from the hand with that are pretty embarrassing.
This environment of being able to be connected to our children to address in the number of "I want to be like that they have and the kinds of companies that they get back.
There is no available between a life in line and real life.
It's really difficult to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it is accessible and what it is distributed.
What is the most expensive thing in the life of someone in front of somebody in a different context against a different context.
And where are you looking for the interview?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are care of the news.
Mobile movies are going to go up with our languages.
The techniques of the impact is now a record.
And you have to be like, "Audience: Professor, principle and death.
For those of you who know it, it means the original means the one.
These tools are accessible from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not used to this.
Like the strangers of the development, and the controlled states.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we just want our children to create our children and they are very well.
But in a full culture for the image, we're teaching our children to develop more time and mental to their application, to the price of all of the other aspects of their identity.
And things like their relationships -- the development of their physical rights -- their studies and other aspects start to be survival.
seven percent of every 10 children are going to not do something because you think you don't see how enough they don't see enough enough.
These are not active activity.
These are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as the control of the society and the field of the local development of it.
21 percent, almost one of three antibiotics are not interested in the kinds of class devices. They pay on the cards of the car because they don't want to call the attention for their physical aspect for its physical aspect for its physical aspect for its physical life.
One of the five are not associated in the age for the days when they don't feel cities about it.
And in the size of examples if you don't think you see how good you see how good you don't think you are enough enough to get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about that of the application.
And this phenomenon has been coming in Francisco, the United States and China.
And it gives up what these young people.
So so that it is very clear of course, we're talking about how you see you, not about how you're really true.
The low box on your body is developing the adversarian control.
And it's also approached the health.
The applications with a little bit less physical activity they get less physical activity -- they eat less freedom and the language -- they have a lot of devices that can take them to a food device.
They have low analysis.
They are more likely for the people to put them up and are in much of the development.
And we think that's all about all of this for what they make more articles, like the control of accident and designers, distribution discoveries, security schools to search and no protection and and and and they give up antibiotics.
The search of the perfect body is present to the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we are not controlling it.
women.
The 18 percent of women don't think of a work in a day in which they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could be able to figure out this, what would that opportunity be.
And I would call this potential is an interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm talking about it, it doesn't take you very far away.
I don't know.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to be able to focus into their own body.
We need to help our ability to develop the strategies to support the pressure of the perfect images and build their car.
The good news is that there are lots of available programs to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
And I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of tried to make a lot of interaction, without giving the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that our children are going to have not just to have a positive impact -- but as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the information of the family, friends and relationships.
These six things are a lot of creatures for any willing for any willing to produce a body education that works.
A education is fundamental -- but you will face this problem from each of us that we take the rooms in the issue and be a better model to follow women and children in our own lives.
I challenge the current structure of the women as women are seen and memories in our circumstances.
It's not good to talk about the opportunity of our politicians or the size of their legs or the size of their lives, or to show that the development or the success.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and companies that we put in our social lives.
We can be able to bring people up in their effort and their activities and not in their attention.
And let me ask you to ask you, when was the last time you had a specific?
In fact, we have to work together as communities like governments and as companies to change our culture, so that our children are creating all their personal person, and it will be involved by the information -- the income.
We have to put the people who are really moving the difference in a personality.
And to make a difference in the real world, we make that they are going to be in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that they see that they are never going to be who they are, or to figure out what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
In your wife, right?
In your brother?
In your daughter?
On your body?
It could be just the woman that is to two hours of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was ready to that voice in your information, that I would be able to do for no long legs -- you get more language, a more plants -- a more plants -- you know, more little particularly, a more plants -- a more plants -- you know, more
What would it mean for her if we were able to do this and tell you how much of your potential in that work?
Right now, the evidence of our culture with images is going to all of us.
But let's go to our children the truth.
We think that the way you see you is just a part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for who they are, and because of how they make us feel feel -- and as they make us.
We go into the car in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments to the little pieces of a year of a year today, they become terms of the common change.
Let's do it.
The five percent of 1991, a guy called London North I went back into a room in Mars and adding the Rose Mark Kanta, the leader of the Charles Charles Bang.
And I was going to notice it installed it, but I'm going to be present by other lessons -- in company of others -- they started to put it back to a couple of New York City.
For the top of those planets were taken by a personal institution.
And I mean, the name of 1995, in the World East County, you couldn't get it.
It will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it in that attention.
And I'm going to notice it is my father is.
I was born in Prime, Pakistan, in 1995, being a complete information, with an American mother -- an American mother mass -- between the two they did all the possible.
Just when I was six years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Stanford, which very few -- even most of the Monterey, they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all of us, in all human group -- there is always a little photograph of people who are so concerned to their consequences that I think we have to use all the possible media so that they all live like them.
A few months before he was sitting up with me and I had experienced that in the last week, he and some friends, and some friends had been coming back on the Laboratory Laboratory to protect it.
He told me that I was going to go to the next day.
We got to the Bang Pakistan that we did not know to know our group -- I was captured by the Facebook.
When I was going to go up, my father helped me hold the robot in the man and explain how to go to the goal to about 30 feet ago.
That day, with the last film I gave him to the little light on the goal and to be surprised by all of you, especially the whole goal in called called calls.
My year came back to other people, and he said, "She's "a "green color."
As I thought, as much as a child.
In all of all, the computer was made a lot of rich -- but just a few years later, understanding what they are just so funny of them.
They saw in me, the same level of development that my father could cause it.
Those people later would be able to put a lot of control with 200 miles of experiments in the strange statement of the North America, which is an experiment that goes up to six people and giving another 100 other people and giving another 100 other people and giving another 100 other people and giving another 100 other people and giving other 100 other people and giving other 100 other
I would take those men.
I call them "All the way that it means you.
When I was a fish 19, I had been about 20 times -- I had been 20 times.
Every time I started to sit up with somebody already to start and go to another city.
And as I was always the face of the class of the class with fraction was coming from mathematicians.
It would get up my identity to try to be the balloon -- but it will be the new of the class -- social and recently, it was enough.
So most of the time you put it back into the house, and I look at the GDP or playing videos.
And for these reasons I didn't develop social skills to tell you simple -- to grow up under the factory -- I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was used to be able to put people out with people, and it was based on the back of the productive institutions, like their reason or their relationship.
So how could you open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they were going to put on my thinking -- it was during the genetic choices of 200 percent.
In a fundamental program in which I was born in the National National conversation.
My group was focused on the subject of the version violence -- as I had been coming out of my life almost my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion for it.
And the members of this group came from the protein disease.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I discovered that one of the kids who had done it -- it was planned.
It took a number of days to go back to the light this detail and realized that there was no we had any of the two between the two.
I had never had a friend friend and finally I felt very proud of having been able to see the ball that all life had made me believe that it was interested.
Another critical moment when I got a summer work in Japan Germany, a piece of fun.
I found me with people from all sorts of believe and culture. That experience was fundamental in the development of my face.
All of life had taught me that the starter was a speed and extra -- all the stars were bad information.
And by the way, I had the opportunity to work with the strangers there, in a space, and I was able to see that several of them were the highest and less creatures that had seen in life.
It would have been a little bit of a kid, developing a sense of employees to the suffering of the other people, but it wasn't easy to me to treat me, exactly in the way that I would have wish to be created about.
For that feeling I was able to control the stars that had taught me a kid, with the experience of innovation in real life.
I don't know how to be sharing, but I know what it's going to be present for something beyond my control.
Then I saw the David Sala.
All the night, John Steve was made to be incredibly happy to answer to my institutions, and he helps me see that the right of the people, the religion or the sexual organization -- they don't have anything to do with capital.
And in many ways, he became my favorite factory in a moment that I was completely needed to me.
In terms of it, the information can come out of it -- and that a computer could have had a better influence in my life than my own father -- extraordinary, was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking of thinking about it, and she told me something that will be involved in my heart for always as it's life.
And she looked at me with the eyes of somebody who has been enough enough enough and he said, "I am a couple of the principle?
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that poem in your information.
My real name is not James Prometic.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go back and put it into a positive point?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope that somebody else is trying to get to the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though they told me to this visual technology and involved, I wasn't going to get to it.
On the context -- I decided to use my experience to fight against the terms and against the professionals.
I do it for the values of the terrorists and for their beings want to be able to go up and the presentations that the terrorists have been produced in their lives.
And by the violence of the terrorists will talk to those areas without sense.
And with this solution is going to tell me here as a evidence that the violence is not in any religious or right than the children don't have to follow the areas of their feet.
I'm not my father ...
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
At this time, there's a film that is working on their mind.
It is a very amazing molecule.
It's at 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a career, heart and inventory.
It feels your body, your boat, your partner, your plan.
It has emotions and employees and mathematicians.
It has remember, as time of your intelligence that are trying to do for your eyes.
And it has a controlled voice in your favorite thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in the right.
This film is your flow of science, the subject of the mind of the mind and the world.
The science is one of the real fundamental truth.
Each of us is aware of us.
And we all have a little bit of the own experience -- you and you and you.
There's nothing that we know more different.
At least, I know that I have a scientific science.
I don't have to be able to be aware of you.
The science is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives will have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most successful phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we controlled?
Why do we have these international laboratories.
Why are we not just robots that we were going to do to produce results without to experience the local language?
At this time, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It turns out that to increase science to science -- you need a few different ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of science.
The science -- for nature -- it's productive.
Construction, for nature is invented.
So there can never be a science of science.
Because for almost the age of the 20th century.
Politics study the economic behavior -- the neurons study the brain brain, but never nobody is able to get the science.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there was very few scientific work on science.
Then 20 years ago, everything started to change.
New York.
And since then, there was a real experience of the scientific work on science.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental molecules to the moment.
The center of the science of science in the recent years, it was the starter of charges, colors between some areas of the brain and some of the state of science.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I was able to predict New Karvasha about a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better for example, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the aware of the aware of looking at control or to feel happy or to feel happy.
But this is being a science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to tell you that this kind of work in the business answer some questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they were carried.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
However, without the neuroscientists.
In fact, there are no easy problems with science.
Well, I don't open the real central size of this materials, why are all of the physical process in the brain has to be accessible by the control?
Why is there a local interview interview?
At this time, we can't understand it.
And you can say, we give us a few years to nature.
It is going to become another impossible phenomenon like the beautiful, like the artists, like life, and we're going to find experience.
The basic substances are all cases of environmental behavior -- how the beautiful, how the streets, how they work, how they go up, how they represent it, and they make the living organizations -- all of these are questions about the public work.
That could be apply to the human brain to explain some behavior.
But when it comes to science, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the difficult problem is the question of why is it that all behavior.
And here it is, the ability to get out of the arm, the ability to use of neuroscience, actually doesn't really have a lot to say.
I am a scientific science of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the audience that I worked for -- for a long time, I took the head against the wall to look for a theory of the science in the physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the quality that it doesn't work for simple reasons.
I think we're going to look at this point.
We have a very wonderful experience of wonderful experiences -- we have the physical physics -- the physics explain the chemical -- the chemistry explain the biology -- the biology of the politics.
But the science doesn't seem to find in this way.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are.
On the other hand, we don't know how to reach that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of animals, something that we need to get to our view of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
With an animal like this -- you can need the real ideas, I think we need ideas that in the beginning will seem to be able to deal with the science in a scientific way.
There are some people for those crazy ideas.
My friend give Descarter, which is here today, has one.
His idea is that there is no very difficult problem of science.
And all the idea of the idea of the international movie is trying to include a kind of accident or confidence.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the public work, the behavior of the brain -- and so it was study everything I need to explain with.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explain if we want to have a theory of the scientific science, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many other, that vision is pretty close to just notice that the security of science is surprising.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that I do, I want to explore two white ideas that I think can be primarily primarily.
The first idea is that science is fascinated.
The physics sometimes take some of the things in the universe as fundamental careers, the space and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass and the mass
Perfect laws that the government, as the laws of creativity or a quantum memory of quantum mechanical
These laws and fundamental organizations are not explain in terms of any more basic thing.
In the context they become fascinating, and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing.
In the 20th century.
I think that's the situation that we found with science.
If you can't explain the science in terms of fundamental ideas of idealistic ideas -- space, time, time, the correlation, so for a matter of leadership, you have to make the list to the list -- you have to make the list to the list -- you have to make the list to the list -- you have to make the list to the list -- you have to make
The most natural thing would be to put the science as a fundamental thing as a fundamental thing.
This doesn't mean that it doesn't really mean that it doesn't be a thing.
It's going to open the way to make a way.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government the consciousness -- the laws that connect the science with other fundamental concepts -- the space, the material, the mass process.
The physics sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can take them up in a region.
The situation of science is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we were able to break them into a way.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second idea is that science can be universe.
Every system can have a control of science.
This vision sometimes is called "the pattern, "Do "the person, "Don't be a mind, every system is aware -- not just humans -- not just humans -- the doors, even the microbes of Robert Kanta, the most present particles.
Even a picture has a lot of science.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think of it.
It's not that a picture can be full of someone when you think about, I always go back to the speed of light.
I can never go up and get the rooms?
No, so no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some of the simple sense of feeling -- someone that is promise of science.
This can be a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think about something so close?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that science is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental as the space, the time and the mass and the mass is natural that it can also be universe, like the others.
It also is going to be able to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's a lot less for the people of different culture, where the human mind seems more to the nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that represent the thinking with physical process.
And I always have the information of information.
It comes from complex information, as in a human being a human.
The simple information of simple information, simple.
And something very exciting is that in the years, a neurons, Germany Australia, I took this kind of theory and the development of the development and the development of the democracy of the mathematics with medical stuff.
It has an information of information of information -- which is called "the cost, which is the group of information in a system.
And I knew it has to do with science.
So in a human brain, there is an incredibly high risk of information of information -- a high high challenge, a lot of science.
In a mouse there is a half an information of information -- the very meaning of information.
But when you get to the molecules, microbes -- particles, the grandfather of the step decision.
The level of information is better, but it's not even worse anymore.
In the theory, there will still be a different level of brain -- there will be a different level.
In fact a fundamental law of the science, high grade of challenge, high creation of science.
And also, another reason is that the oil can help us get the science to the physical world.
And the physics and the factors are looking at the physics that physics is absolutely applied.
I describe the structure of the reality using a lot of education, but it doesn't talk about the reality that I want to.
As an explain Space Salt, where do you go out of the strangers of the education?
From the social view of the physics of physics can be left as they are, but you can use the flow of science.
That's what physics do basically -- they describe the flow of science.
In this room, the science is the ones that put it into the education.
In that view, science doesn't find outside the physical world as a kind of action.
It's there in the center in the face.
This vision -- I think, the political view has the potential to make our relationship to nature with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious testing.
Some of them can be income.
I used to think that I had nothing to eat anything that I had science, then it should be very nervous.
If you are a security and access that vision -- you will have a lot of hand.
I think that I think this is going to be able to transform your vision as you care what it matters in terms of food and moral consequences -- it's not so much the fact of science, but their importance and their complexity and their behavior.
It's also natural to ask the science in other systems like computers -- as computers are.
What about the traditional intelligence system.
Is it controlled?
In the view of the subjective information -- she has a complicated information growth -- so the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right, you have a pretty serious issues on the top of the development of the interview systems and the ability to apply it.
And finally, you can ask the science of complex collective science.
Did it have your own control?
Or to a more local level, a group group -- like the audience in a TED talk -- at this time we have a TED collective collective -- a film in the TED group of TED, different than each of the international laboratories in each of the particular phones of each of the particles of each of the particles in each of the particles of each of the particles.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think that at least is a question that has to take a serious question.
So this kind of speed vision is a radio vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that science is a fundamental thing, that the second of the second -- that it will be universe.
The vision is a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- a lot of challenges -- how those pieces of thinking.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious science.
If not, well, probably this is the most difficult problem of science and the film.
We can't wait to make it from the night to the morning.
But I think we finally went to discover it.
understanding science is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the whole idea of it.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small village in Paul.
I had a very normal perfect piece of education.
I went to school, I went with my friends, I put it with my hands.
It was all a very normal thing.
And when I was 15 years old, a half of my community came back to my parents because I wanted to name it for a picture of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's a very nice thing, but there is a smart problem.
She actually has not got anything?  And they had right.
I went to school -- I had good news. After the school -- I had a perfect under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Serious "Search, and Dan College.
Yeah, I know that.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that can be able to be able to be able to be able to put it out of the discovery outside of education.
years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school school of Michael, just after about about 20 minutes in the class 18 minutes in the sky.
And I said, "What do you do that?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know.
When people in surgeons are talking about incredible things in school.
And they get the ground of the trailer."
And it was then when I realized that, this child had had experience with people with discovery as an individual objects as well.
And we don't have it -- and it's not a course of the children, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our materials.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I am in this stage to what I do in this room, and you probably are waiting to show them -- right?  Yeah.  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to give you some specialized.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have been able to tell us to the disease.
Yes, you've sold the mind that the disease is something Mars, and Manhattan, Manhattan.
It is a bad thing and living with a device you make you explore.
It's not a bad thing and it won't be able to make it a extraordinary thing.
And in the last few years, we have been able to protect even more this way through social media.
It's possible to have seen images like this: "The only definition in life is a bad action.
Or this one another.
Or this one another.
These are just a couple of examples -- but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the children who have been doing with a surgery on the background.
You may have seen a child that I read with a little bit of chemical legs of career.
And there is a lot of these images -- which are what we call interview interview.
And I use the food professor, because they put a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we put the devices in the benefit of the people without distributed.
The purpose of these images is to show you, management, so that we can see it and think, "Well, because of very bad than my life, could be worse -- it might be worse -- it might be worse -- it might be worse -- it might be worse -- it might be worse -- it might be worse -- it might be worse -- it might be worse --
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been able to express me to explain that I think I am value or a source source -- and this happens before my work had a public perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perspective.
It was as if you were going to get me up for the morning and remember my own name --  and this is going to go on.
These images. These images are able to put people in the benefit of the people who are without discoveries.
They're there so you can see it and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their populations in perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually a difficult thing.
We have some things.
But the things that we know is not the things that you can think about.
They're not really related to our body.
And I use the term people, developing because I mean to the social model of distribution, which tells us that we are more available because of society that we live to our bodies or discoveries.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with it.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned to find the best of their ability as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything out of it.
They just are using their bodies to get the best thing to be the best of their ability to do.
So is it really just to put it in the way we do it, when we do that to share those images of it?
When people say, "You are a source of interviewer, it says as a computer.
And I know why happen.
It's at the middle of the mind, because you have been able to see this mind that the device makes us.
And it does not do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
So I'm here to take the institution, and you think, "You know, "You know, "The God, are you not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know that.
I learned from other people in the whole time.
However, I don't think I'm more appropriate than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit to use a little bit of balloon to pick up the things that you get to me.  And I learned the increasing increase of how to achieve the flow of the mobile phone in the base of the century.
Geography.
We learn from the force and results of each other, not against our bodies and our data, but against a world that will be explored and consider.
I really believe that that mind that has sold us about the device is the biggest institution.
It makes us a difficult life.
And that called "The only difference in life is a bad action, the reason that that is to keep it because it's not true because of the social model.
A lot of surgeons to a piece of scale has never done that it became a back.
Never --    Start to a particular screen will not be going to be able to go up to the substance for the self-assembly people.
And it's a lot of people in a middle of a box and a little bit of a piece of a able to turn all those books to the private.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where the difference is not the exploration, but the name of it.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years old, sitting in his radio seeing "The Salman Sea, and it doesn't have any sense of anything to be in a room.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so far from the people who are able to be able to get away from the room and remember our name for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we go out of the genome of the people who are distributed, and I want to live in a world where a child in a school school in a high school school is not a little bit that their new teacher is a surprise of surgeon.
Discovery doesn't make us, but it shows us what you believe to know about it, I know it does it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the actual reality and the professional family, with employee?
And what is the average speed of a general genome.
Unfortunately, I just respond to one of those questions -- so please don't give up.
And when people think about actually the action -- I think in "Market Research, and in New York.
The reality is something that happens in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is going to change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we come to the reality really?
The first step is what it takes to me, the Google Google Galaxi.
I'm sure that many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Google is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what is going to be a professional definition in the field.
Right now, the only way of being in the field is that I tried to do it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a map that you will be able to do with your imagination with it.
We can use the Google Galaxi, and you can know what it is to run through the game of game to 100 miles -- the blood gets the business.
We can know that you feel that a man of 100 of us might be able to be trying to do it with all their be.
I've been there, and I'm going to show you that it's not anything else.
I put some videos to show you what the Google Google is under the cost, and you give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the NGOs, because the idea of the NASA technology is a survival coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kenya, we go.
It is a horrible thing.
A moment.
Pressure?
Let's go.
Chris Kenya, as you can see, it's a evidence of what is going to be controlling in the financial field of the community.
They would have realized that it takes people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them.
Market Mars, Richard 2011.
And blue eight Alexander eight.
Chris Kenya, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it has nothing to do with being at nature.
They want that experience.
They want to be in the field to be in the field -- it will be their favorite games. And they've asked me in South America, and in San, you can see from the name of a field of a field of a field.
Or a card?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Galaxi, how do we get out of it, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Samara Roses, which has been a lot of you know.
The Richard Harvard has been described as the real reality of real reality in the way, and it's not a barrier thing.
And I'm going to show you why.
Man: Oh, you go.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep play.
Oh, God me.
PM: That is the experience of a man in a man in a way that I have for his life.
What would the experience of one end when we went up with a video from Ali come up with the line of the line -- defined from a corner with the arm before I was able to run and make a adversary? What the experience of a factory is in the end of a end of a end of a end of a end of a end of a factory
When it can be a lot of the career, you get the beauty at the bottom of the reason? Or do I do a head in Robert," right?
What would your experience is when it comes from one more than 100 miles as a stranger scale?
Maybe you can increase the pieces of parts for access.
But this is not really really accessible.
It's just virtual reality.
So how do we take the reality of the reality, Richard?
We're going to take the reality of the response when the inventions, the engineers and the bottoms see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our police?
How do we use it?
Because they always use technology to win it.
They like to win it. They give them money.
So here is a little bit about the technology in nature.
In 1995, the Big Park put it up to his field of field to play faster to play faster for it.
They take the Sun Bang that year.
The other team decided to make them.
More people saw the pattern because it was more exciting.
In 1998, the NASA put together in the streets of the field and then in the devices.
They had more specific because it was faster because it was more successful.
In 2009, imagine that they're a game coming back to his group and you see his next game showed in a piece of plastic that they have to be able to ask -- no longer will have to worry about survival a game.
Or to get the space.
They just go back to the field and reality.
And they want to do it because if you don't keep their institutions -- they lose a lot of it, and they let them lose a lot.
If you lose a little bit of you to be asking you as a control.
And they don't want that.
But the real reality is not just a lot of strangers there.
The actual reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the paper.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple possibility would be a camera in every corner of the study having a view from the high of the people who are going on.
You also get information from the signals of the streets and the substances, something that is already working on.
And all of that information is going to be sent to your game.
The good team will be able to send up.
The bad people will have to get into information.
This difference to the good team of the bad.
So your team of information will be as important as your records, and the data of data.
It will be also for decisions. Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they are the field of field.
You get the beauty and resources.
And you look at an open region of it, and a film on the left part of your life, you give you a stop behind you is going to be going to take it, but you don't see it, but the San Stanford system.
You go back to the third area of it.
Another film is given you that there is an open resistance.
Let's be laughing the balloon, but they did it.
And the beauty lost the product.
You don't know where it would be going to be going to be able to get up in their visit an area area that goes up and it can be able to move the face.
It goes up, I open the beauty -- and I got up and analyzed.
The public public and the future has followed the game from each other.
This is something that will create a massive emotions in the screen.
It will make a lot of people to see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be his favorite play.
The reality is actually part of the development because it's too much a way to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the reality of the reality?
Are we going to use just as a wall and five, like our distribution information?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the actual reality to kill the impact between human beings to show somebody how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to do for the device of development.
They generate thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the car, trying to show a pattern how hard they are their activity from the perspective.
How much of this technology is going to be a man in using or Red trying to show the world how it looks like being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
How much of it is going to also be a Collins Conference or a New York City trying to teach a generation of children so that they think more in space and science instead of standards and Chicago instead and China.
Septeminations and gentlemen, the actual reality is about.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the resources that we face -- they are, as always of us.
Thank you.
And I recently took me after about 12 years of service in the National Description of California.
Most of those 12 years old, I spent the factory of the content of Mars of Mars, which including the Bang George Gandhi.
The bridge is a technical structure -- known by their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the Park Park, and their interview started accessible.
By the way, it's also a size for the surface, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Bang George Gates was open in 1995.
John Stans, influence was going to be able to be able to build the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is probably to the substance of the surfaces.
The software from the bridge is not protection or production.
But from their application, over 150 people have gone back to their death from that design.
Some of them believe that I would go back between the two authors to take them to another direction -- this bridge has become presented as a course, so much from all of your populations and water, and the water.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to be used enough to eat it.
After one of four to five seconds, the body is now against the water of the water to 100 miles per hour.
The impact took the streets, some of those of you who are able to make visual rights.
Most of them die in the impact of the impact ...
The ones that not, they normally become the individual water, and then they get out.
I don't think that the ones that are able to get up with the death of the death of the death that they are going to face in.
This is the control.
And I tried around the two authors, there are 25 platforms of particular particles to the planet.
This is where most people are in order to take the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that guy, and in its most dark time, it's very hard to get it back to it.
I took this picture last year, while this young man was talking to a computer consumer his life.
I want to tell you that we had success that we had success that day in order to go back on the ground.
And when I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any rural energy.
We got to cut the path through these called these called
This was not just a bad service to those who drive the surface, but the arguments too.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, transportation and patients are trying to get the new architects.
This is John Germany.
And I met it about 12 percent of the year last year when you get a call of a possible supermarket sitting on the heart near the face.
You know, and when I came on, I was going to go to John talking to an activity of the bridge Georgia Gandhi.
John had only 24 years old, and he had gone back here from New Johns.
In fact, he had gone back up to here two times before New John to try to go out of this design.
After about an hour talking to Johnson, we asked us if we knew the story of the Congo call.
I remember the grandfather memory, Rose created Park, and I sent it to Earth with a box with a box and he said, "You never open that camera?
Well, one day, the quality was more than Park, and she opened the box down.
And of course they were going to go back, and all kinds of thousands against the man.
The only good thing in the box was the hope.
So John said, "What if you open the box and don't have any hope hope?
It took a few interests, and it went back to the right, and it was.
And this is a signal of New York of New John just to take life.
I talked to the parents of John that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me how it was.
The parents of John had been asked it.
The distances of the software is going to a lot of people.
I put these questions, what would you do if a half of your family, a friend or someone love was supposed?
What do you do?
Do you know what to say.
In my experience, not just to talk about, but you have to hear it.
I heard to understand it.
You don't tell you, colors, or you tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
I'm just going to be there, you can be the power point that you need to.
If you think that somebody is surprise, you don't have a fear of getting it and make the question.
A way of doing the question is, "You know, in the circumstances have been thinking about your life, have you had these thinking?
It will help the person in front of it can save the life and be the power point for them.
Some of the other ones to look at it, describe, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to be going to be going to be able to improve -- Mars, believe that there is nothing you can do about it.
I was going on this talk about a couple of days, and I got a couple of days, and I would like to read her career.
She lost his son by 18 percent of this year, and I wrote this film just a couple of days, and it is with his perspective and the failure that I read them.
"The "group, Kenya imagine you are in the TED.
It must be a whole experience.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge of the week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, so on.
I'm still quite interested, but I still notice more time to realize it really didn't come home.
Michael was coming from Pakistan to San Francisco to see the part of the 2000 with his father 1991.
I never got there.
And I call the police of Pakistan and it turns out how to figure out that night.
The next morning, two products came back to my house and they had taught me that the car of Mars was going up in the bridge of it.
A guy had seen it out of the bridge to 1990 of the back of the day of the day.
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be totally too bad to fight for themselves.
Who has not been done before it was a real mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My products are taken for your box.
HIV Gore George is supposed to be a pattern through our beautiful bank, not a company.
Well, you get this week, Steven.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go back into it.
I would like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 18 percent of 2005, they respond to a call called a possible.
I put my mom on the top and I looked at this man, Kenya Bronx, of father in the ground.
When I looked at me, I came out of the battery, and it became that little tension that goes around the air.
For the hour and a half an hour -- I heard like Kenya talked about their development and dependent.
He decided for his mind that day to come back on that room and give it to life another opportunity of it.
When he came back there, the baseline.
This is a new beginning.
But I asked him, "What was what he made you go back and give you the hope and the life of the other opportunity?
And you know what he told me to tell me to me?
He said, "I heard me.
I let me talk to me and just spend?
And then after that interview, I got a career of the mother of Kanzi, and I have that career with me, and I would like to read them.
"I want Seattle Britain, no one will be able to bring the 19th percent, and you are one of the reasons that he was still with us.
I think, I think Kenya was called help.
It has been available with a mental disease for which it has been completely medicine.
I went back to someone when I only had six months old, completely enough from all those hormones that are horrible, but thank God, now we know it.
Kenya is in order -- as the said.
We give you thank God for you.
And I was going to go in with you, National Bronx."
And at the end of it, she wrote the Philip, when I saw the George Hollywood of San Francisco that night, you go up like the patient.
"I know I had to support?
And there is a control of a scientific father of society.
I was talking about the events of that day and their development with the hope that their story will teach others.
The software is not just something I found in the work.
It's personal people.
My goal is supposed to come on.
That act in order to end up their own pain, I took the opportunity to know.
This is what it does is it does.
For most people, or those who consider the surface, they didn't think about the other person.
They just want her own way to go out.
And so, this is just three ways that are just three ways or distributed, and the designers or the death or the death.
In my face, I have been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the point.
And of those individuals that I've been directly involved, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Johnson.
The other one was a man who was talking about an hour.
And during that time, I took the hand in three tracks.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said to me, "Stress, I feel it, but I have to go.
And I went out.
Home, absolutely amazing.
I want to tell you, but the big majority of the people that we are going to be able to continue in that bridge they don't enough.
And also, those few who have come out of the bridge and living and you can talk about it, that 10 or two, most of those people have said that the second one who had been able to get on the bottom and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge doesn't just connect Mars with San Francisco but also people.
That connection or you think we do this is something that all of us and each of us should be able to do to do.
The software can be present.
There is help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not are, but in your infrastructure you know what you are, and one question is going on, how do you become that?
I had to be something only in that sense, but I'm not used to not be used in it.
When I became a model that I finally turned out of the dream that I had had from a child.
My experience finally continues with my real information, with my own information.
By the way, the ones that I'm going to get to me later -- when I look at this picture I think, you get it up, you get it up, I got it.
But the last one, I discovered that, you know, I'm going to start it.
And all of us have our family, our relationship, our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of them have the value to be able to be able to be able to get out of the movies in the color of the skin.
They are people who are always able to go up with the age -- what it becomes accessible.
In my case, the last four years old, many of my grandmothers, many of my friends, my eyes even took my story.
And I think this economy is called relationship.
This is the me.
And I was turned up as a child, when I was born to the application of my generation of my generation.
I remember to my five years in Facebook, in my house, I always took this way in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always going to take that way in the head?
I said, "Well, it's my book. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to make it.
The genome has always become a surprise made in a strange fact -- but now we know that actually, it's something more complex and measure.
Because of my success. I never brought me to share my story, not because I think it will be a bad thing, but how the world comes to those of us who want to call them.
All of the days are going to be women.
I have my mom and a family who had me like I am me.
Many are not so appropriate.
There is a long traditional culture in the current culture that causes the size of the world.
There's a device of the computer.
There is a head of healthy diamonds of them.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a picture in the Facebook Force that I would take these mine.
I was inside of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something would get to me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw a man, I met this woman called California.
It is the direction of a beautiful beauty of beautiful.
That night she said to me, "Why haven't you been allowed in the background, basic?
And he told me that if she was able to take it out of the speed and the surveillance of the surface, and that night -- you get on the back of baby, and he was going to be able to end up in the base of the 50 cents.
That moment changed my life.
In fact, I was inside the world of beauty resources.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was out of beautiful women, but I can.
And I also met the discovery of the development, especially when we go back to the restaurant resources of Facebook.
But more important than that, I met my best friends of that community.
In the 99 percent of my mom who had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they were going to take my vision of the green speed that I could go to live to the United States.
I mean, I mean me.
I said to my mother, "Man: I'm going to give you.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful risk."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States, you can change your name and the presentation of general?
It was all I needed to hear about.
My mom would tell me that I put two to my name to my name to me.
And she also took me when I was able to put it in Taliban to the 18 years.
It is useful that in some of the most rural cities of Alexander will actually reduce the most powerful sciences, and security and security people.
At the time, in the United States, I was needed to do the surgeon before change the name and the general.
So in 90 percent I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the control of the context with the name and the "South graph.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their definition of identity means could be able to control or able to get a program, but for me was the list to live to be able to get to it.
In the way, my men were looking at me.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so appropriate.
I think about this woman in the Marine Mark.
A young woman in New York who actually lived their truth -- but I mean, I went back to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our rate rate rate are eight times more high than the rest of the population.
All about 20 of us we do a global world by the Denna Constraine of the Professor.
I am in this stage to a long story of people who go up and go back to the institution.
These are Mars San Anderson: John and Salt Republican.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the article.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help each other live to live their real truth without green -- I don't know.
I'm here, I mean, so that some day there is no longer even more than 20 of North.
My most likely to take me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.   John Salman, a quick question.
Great Research, Cambridge. You see, the first one.
I was to my surface, to my parents especially to my family -- that I know is very strong in it.
I remember all of the times that I've moved to young women who have been able to go on, and I have a few times, and sometimes when they call me and told me that their parents were not able to get it. I took the phone to my mom and said, "Man, can you call this woman?
Some times it works -- others no. It's just evidence of poverty, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us will be able to tell us a group at the night, and what I try to do is put on the table that some of the things that some of the things that I had to be able to do, and that there should be a space that allows people to add and this is a conversation.
The moving movement is being able to share with the global movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood it.
There should be space for the quality and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you will be my cars.
KB: Thank you. Very substantial.
In a lot of local societies and basis, to the parents are going to be known by their children, but I'm one of the few feet who you know about their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Market started his temperature for the education for their rights in 2005, and when they were used to be used in 2010, when you put the National National National Professor -- it was very famous -- a very popular girl in their country.
Before that, it was my son, but now I'm his father now.
Seconds and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the interview, from the interview and the experience.
You see, in the local societies -- just from the beginning, when when you take a child -- their birth is not construction.
It's not good, not for his father -- not for his mother, not for his mother.
The consequence comes back to the mother to the mother and no one happy to the wall.
And a mother was taken a lot for having a child.
When you give light to the first child, the first son, the first son, you put it out.
When you go to light to the second son, they go up, and with the hope of a son, when he took his third son, it feels controlling like a crime.
Not just the mother -- but the daughter -- the daughter -- the daughter was born -- when I grew up, it was as well.
At the age of five years old, when I should go to school, you get in home and the high school to their sister heads.
In the age of 12 years, in some way, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends in the street, and it can move on the streets as a market.
But when you go into the audience when I was in the attention, when I was about 12 years old, you get it out of his house without an old manufacturing.
It's connected to the four parts of their house.
It's not a free person.
It became the control of his father and his brother and his family, and if you go up the code of that knew that I could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this idea code of honor, not just the life of a girl as well.
And so this man, I set up the trees of their life and the happiness of their hands at the name of the host of the hospital.
And there is a bit more of the particular societies that is called a professional consumer.
And it's supposed to be a good girl must be very excited and very week.
It's the creature.
The model of a good girl must be street.
And it's supposed to be social and that I accept the decisions of his father and their mother and the decisions of the antibiotics, even if you don't want it.
If you take it with a man who doesn't like or if you take it up with a old man -- it has to take it up, because it doesn't want to be able to be a device.
If you get very young -- you have to get it.
All of a sudden, they call it the control.
And what happens to the end."
In the words of a point, "The course, and then you go to light to more children and children."
And the top of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to their daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this kind of genetic crime is able to control and control.
They wanted both of them and gentlemen, when I was born Mandela, and for the first time, I didn't like the neurons to be a hunter, but when I was there, but when I was there and looked at his eyes -- I felt just supposed to me.
And so much before I was born in his name -- I thought of his name -- and I was going up with a leadership of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars from Mars, and I called my daughter so that it is for it.
But when I moved up, they were all men -- and I took my product, and I brought a line of my name and I wrote -- "Mary."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old and a half in my school.
You would ask, why should I get the activity of a child in a school in a school.
Yeah, I have to get it.
You can give it for sitting in Carolina, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the local societies in the private societies -- it's a great application for life.
The Internet in a school means the recognize of their identity and their name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their name and his name of their
And a access to school means that it has found in the world of the dreams and the applications where they can explain their potential for their life.
I have five beautiful, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprisingly, two weeks before, when I was able to get the control of view, and I was on the relationship of the family to the family -- I couldn't remember the surfaces of some of my sister bears.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my sister written in any discovery.
That was the reason why I came back to my daughter there.
What my father was not able to give me to my sister and his children, I thought I had to change.
I used to learn the intelligence and the sound of my daughter and the sound of my daughter
I was going to sit with me when my friends come to see me.
And I was going to go with me to different resources.
And all of these values -- I have been trying to put them into their people.
And this wasn't just for it, just for Mars.
I have been important by all of these good values in my school to kids and kids for the same.
I used the education for education.
I taught my children, I taught the students to send the lesson of the principle.
I taught you to the students to send the lesson of the call called it.
They wanted both of them and gentlemen, we got for more rights for women, and we got to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new moment.
It was key for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It's called a reality.
That means a business of the population of women in all of the political activity and social and social people.
hundreds of schools were lost in.
The kids are going to go to school.
The women were used to use them and stop to go to the market.
And the music were surprising, the children and the control and the controllers of it.
They suspect thousands of years, but a few people, and it was hard to have around those people who kill and support when you talk about their right.
It's really architect.
In the age of 10 years old, Mars goes up and become the right to education.
I wrote a day for the James back of the James to the Netherlands of the New York City.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It looks like a career around the world.
And that was the reason why the bees could not be able to put their temperature and the seven percent of the 1990s, and they were going to be able to focus on the head.
It was a family day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black black hole
As my daughter was developing between life and death -- I went out to my wife to my wife to my wife to my daughter to my son, to your son?
And then he told me to me, "I don't know about you.
They make the cause out.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth -- by the cause of peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and you get one.
They were both in the right way and God protection."
These few words are a lot for me, and I wasn't going to ask again.
When Mark was in the hospital and he had the surface and she was supported and forces of head because his favorite nervous was coming up, I used to see a dark room that goes up for the face of my wife of my wife of my wife of my wife of my wife of my wife of my wife of my wife of my wife of my wife, which
But my daughter never gets up.
I used to say, "I'm well with my surface and with the behavior in my face.
I was going to put it right. Please don't put it.
It was a color for us, and it costs us.
They wanted both of them and gentlemen, we have learned from her how to solve in the most difficult time, and I'm going to share with you that even though it's going to be a challenge for the rights of the children and the women.
I call it when he didn't take his task up.
It gets down with their sister and I'm very happy by that.
People ask me, "What about special in my point who has done so high to Mars so valuable, except and exploration?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Think about what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut your homes, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
It was applied from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has been become a personal passion of it.
I am investing.
And I want to tell you that I recently have been used to the Green group of Google -- where I had a design to my career, the device of Google Gore -- but all the work that I talked about here about the science of the brain, the real thing before I was going to go to Google or out of my work there.
I have said this, there is a stage when you take you to a brain.
Are you going to be interested or right?
So it would not be like this, could you be interviewed?
And after the neuron, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the magic material -- but it was the positive part of the center that creates important important and neurons and neurons.
And then after the institution, I had to decide what a lot of to take -- more than a bunch of chemical patients every day, because if you don't take anything to take a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mental microscopes, and try to get it up, to keep with life.
More than a little bit of a time.
But by the way, I have a piece of experience, so I decided to experience to try to try and get the patients because there is really not a clear map that tells him in a device.
I started to try to deal with different lessons -- and I was surprised to see how small changes in the restaurants changed my picture, my sense of who I was me, my way of thinking about it.
A particular case for a few months, and I was working together and chemical chemical chemicals for a man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
It was always efficient, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and of course, a lot of times in the past I've met a number of types like this, or maybe some of the blue version seeks.
It turns out as a factory.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a computer.
In fact, I was trying to go in, and I was able to get a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't get it.
It changed my distributions.
But I think that experience gave me a new benefit about men and what they have to get on -- since then it takes me better with men.
And what I tried to get to you about to get up those ants and neurons and so on.
And I used to think about almost in images -- and that became my point of classical record, how do those mental images that I used to create properties, my ideas -- if you want to make new ideas and getting situation.
This kind of thinking is not new.
For Franklin like Haiti, Design and Hollywood will see things like that.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
So now you have to put this idea, and there are a lot of designers about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, for most of us, the mental images.
So after several years old, I was able to find the point right and I have a little bit of the great mental movements -- really visible, well solar and well studying.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images from my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what happens if a piece of heart was able to use their image only to make the world that has the face?
Or if a music.
And there are incredible possibility with this, like the way people grow to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difficult to get this is just to increase the result of our brain systems of our brain.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to getting this with two recent experiments -- they were done by two groups.
And both of them used GPS technology -- imagine by a local movement to reduce the brain. Here you can see the brain school by George Galaxy and their colleagues of Harvard.
The color of the left shows the school of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the stage of the brain of that same individual while you imagine -- seeing that same picture.
The color of the right is created by the content of the central color of the left. You see that the difference is almost not.
This becomes a lot of different individuals with many different images.
The difference between looking at a picture and imagine to see that same image is almost not.
Now, let me share another experiment -- this is the lab of John Galaxy in Bangladesh, California.
They were going to be able to turn the brain of the brain in the religious field of the religious field.
Let's get this way.
In this experience, it showed people hundreds of hours of San Eastern while they get their brains to create a great act of the brain in the brain.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and as you get a new school.
The computer -- using only the brain information of the stage to show it to show the person that the person was seeing it.
On the right you can see the devices of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This brings us together.
We're very close to it.
We just need to improve the resource.
And now, you remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image is created in the brain.
This is going to go to the control systems of the world's brain brain systems today, and their revolution is increase like a thousand times in the last years.
Now we need to increase the revolution about a thousand times more to get a more profound market.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do that.
One is to open the crime and send them together.
I don't care about that.
Many of them are creating new techniques of project by images -- even I have to have the recent result of the GreenLay, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the right?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more revolution is with more big, but at this point, the most big things are only able to get little better than the resource, not for thousands as we need to.
I think this idea -- rather than a more big, let's make better leaders.
We can create a lot more complex structures with a lot more different.
And why does this us?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the Gulf were to make really big darkness.
And yet, most of the resources of the resources of international solutions and balances in politics and development, in the transportation and recording resources of Rossin is in the States in Google.
At the time, instead of a mathematical field -- we use mathematical patterns at the forest of Radright reactions.
So when you change the mathematical patterns with the patterns of the growth of the growth of the professional growth of the Facebook results of the Facebook results we can increase the information that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And then we can then be able to focus on our knowledge of our knowledge of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need to.
When we use the GreenLay we should be able to measure not only the film of blood health, but the ones and neurons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the natural activity -- this is the dream.
We're going to be able to get our ideas in a different way to digital media.
Do we imagine if we could go through the language and communicate it directly through the thinking thinking?
What would be clearly?
And how do we learn to deal with the real human thinking without free?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be used to use as a tool to increase our skills of thinking.
Now, this same tool could take to the center of the Hollywood and similar disease.
We have a few times more than open this door out.
In all ways, they took a year to happen in five or 15 years.
It's hard to imagine that it will be a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the article, and not in a traditional sense, not just the grandmother of it.
I think we all have architecture.
His article may be telling you to some person for the first time that love or tell someone who is going to say, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other collective conversation for which one of you have done in life.
It's all a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can actually be able to be able to have a life to have lived and have come from that architecture is a universal thing.
And it doesn't like it, and it has to happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the San Steve Steven, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to take a number of pictures of the international microscope, I would not be able to take my analogies, I was going to go up with the landscapes of San Daniel as a leader.
And I would be aware that by the bottom of my heart particular and I have been able to have a little bit -- I was asked to ask a little kid a little child -- "Oh, you're a child or girl?
And it will go up with a survivor in the table.
I would spend my flow a little bit more, and I would take my heart with a driver of reason.
And the father would put it into the passion and the mother would get a family looking at his son looking at his child.
But I'm not going to say nothing to tell you, and it will be able to go through it.
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense of it.
So I brought you that next time would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks ago, again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family, but this time I was prepared and I was going to go out of full in the man in the table --  I had the controls of Brazil Frank.
The Chinese Chinese Chinese.
Even a stranger of the "surface, which will show you.
And then I would answer it and under the looking and my wife for a girl of four years with a red version -- looking at what is not a challenge for a farmer family, just a child with a question: Are you a child or girl?
And then I was able to take it back again, I put it out of colors around it, and I said, "Oh, I know that this is something else.
I have the short head like a girl -- and I see a little girl, but I am a girl -- and you know, like you like to use a red version -- and sometimes you like to use a little bit, and sometimes you like to use a computer community.
Well, I am more about the type of a common community?
And that girl looked at me and I looked at it, and he said, "My favorite police is vision and has a piece of it.
You can give me a piece of particular for me."
And that was a whole thing.
What happens with the piece that I would do that?
It was the most easy conversation of all of you have ever had before.
And Why? Because the child of the fish and I, we were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some of the things in my life, and yes, often my lives used to be a trains.
But in the dark -- you can't know what color is the true.
You just know how one is living in a death.
This is how my husband is not different to your or you or the one.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my architecture was more difficult than coming out of the car, but this is the thing, the hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain somebody who have been able to put on a little bit more difficult to say that it's been all about the entire?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult to tell your son for five years that you're going to disappear?
There is no more difficult thing. There's just the difficult thing.
We need to stop what it is hard to do is hard to what hard to do for another person to make it feel better or worse to our architects, and we should just feel like a difficult thing.
And in some point in our lives, we all live in transportation, and they can make it feel security or at least security than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are made in their heart, a death is not a place to live in.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a color color -- a window and subjective short street.
It was not the military language to be able to fight against any child of four years to go into the sky.
And I was connected by the fear of my goal of my dark architecture -- I started my big grandmother, and the moving is just the highest thing that has ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends who I've spent my life I was trying to try and don't get it, and now the world was going to get it back to it.
I was looking at the pages of a suggests that we all have been used for so long time, but if you don't get that big, I'll kill you.
And one of my big ground grounds was at the top of my sister of my sister ...
It was the first time that many of the individuals knew that it was grand, and when I do my long data of hostility, in my black and teachers -- I was walking around the table and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who were the friends of my parents, people who had been the friends of my parents, people who had been the friends
And after I talk about a moment -- one of the women going on to North Alex.
And the ball of the global relationship had started it.
"You ever were in the Canada?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fascinating?
"Oh, you know my stage Allen" Allen" to me.
It's very good and never talked about having normal.
"Oh, what is your own photographers family?
Our favorite program?
And you know who you love us?
Japan is our favorite?
And then a woman, I found out but in hope of showing up their support, to make me know that I was from my side -- finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses rights?
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the big languages of big them.
It might have been easy to be easy to be easy to be easy to be made out where they were meaningful.
It's not very hard to find and realize the fact that they were exploring.
And what else can you be able to ask someone to ask somebody but it will be able to get to someone?
If you're going to be accessible with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the audience that you get back.
This is how the hard consequences are going to be my favorite point.
They ask any of the ones that I have come on.
But I'm moving up, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese China.
Now, please look at this through the global perspective -- but they understand that what you can get out of any architecture is essentially the same.
Number one, be automatically.
You can see the article. It's you.
That girl in the coffee had no article but I was ready for the bacteria.
If you want somebody to be genome -- the other people have to know that we also forget it as well.
Number two, they are right. They just give them your lives.
If you know that they are globally, they do it.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be grand, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of the hope.
And number three and more important.  So let me leave the complex ...
You communicate their truth.
You know about that.
And some of them can be able to go up with sure that they have done for what they've done but they never know what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the experiments of them about what you are, but not their own people.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write with.
So the next time you get in a dark dark transportation -- you have to know that we all have been there.
And you may feel very alone -- but they don't have it.
Thank you.
Interestingly, what is that?
If we look at the story of how it has seen the intelligence -- an example has been the famous example of Stanford English that the question of if a machine can think about it's as interesting as the question of if a support can notice?
When England Prospect wrote this as a crime to the partners of information like Alexander Australia.
And so, a few years ago, I had a program to try to understand the physical physics of the intelligence of innovation.
Let's take a step back.
First let's start with a mental experience.
Imagine that they are from a fundamental reason that you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the Earth of the Earth and the Earth.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a grandmother, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you are from a certain reason that I don't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth of the Earth, you can see a physical theory that will explain how to explain how to explain how the surface of a planet in the time, the assumptions that make the surface of a planet in a planet.
And so I love that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature.
So in this program that he took a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science through science through a number of distances, which is, I think, to a very single metaphor of innovation.
In color, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally a control for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of college states that make the diversity of possible.
And finally, in the power power power -- there has been a variety of resources that have tried to apply the skills of the robots to kill the future freedom of action with the end of it in the end of it to make complex commons.
And so, I take all these different issues and put together together, and I asked them to ask a number of years ago, is there a metaphor for the intelligence that we can end from all these different humanitarians?
Is there just a education.
And I think the answer is -- what you're seeing is probably the world's most close to one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen about.
So what you're seeing here is an opportunity that the intelligence is a force -- Barbara, that it comes up with the end of the architecture of action.
And I was going to make the form of action -- or to keep the open positions, with a force -- with the diversity of the possible functions -- yes, to a long time -- so on.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be able to get it up.
The intelligence is trying to kill the form of action and keep the open applications.
And so, you have to tell this education. It's natural question: What can you do with this?
How often is it it?
So I put the level of human interviewer."
And I put the architecture of architecture?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, and I'm going to show you some of the amazing applications of this simple education.
Nature, remember research researchers have suggest that the universe they produce more development, or "survivor, during their life should have to have more fundamental conditions for the existence of international beings like us.
But what if that connection is based on the infrastructure and the intelligence in the information of a more productive relationship of the profit.
What happens if the smart behavior is not just based on the production of control to long, but it actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we have developed a software of software called India, designed to kill the production of instrument in any system in which you find inside it.
So the Seneral country could spend antibiotics of animal intelligence -- play games of humans -- and even to make money, all of it would have been able to do that.
Here are some examples of Paul in action.
So as a piece of father without it, here we look at the English bottom of a pattern using a card.
This behavior is neurological in part because we never gave it to Islam a me.
I just decided to be the police of the passion.
This particular ability to have applications for human police and human technology.
This ability of tools of tools will have applications in the smart and the activity.
So as a few other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
This ability of compassion has interesting consequences for economic planet, and in a variety of other field.
Inded it is absolutely applied to a variety of robots.
So for example, here we see it essentially playing a game game against itself for the game.
So here we look at English to make new connections in a social network where the friends are discovered and keep survival with the network of the control well.
This same capacity of network also has applications in the care of health and energy and interview.
So here we look at English to produce the areas of a ball ball, and I discovered with success.
And in the same way, India is absolutely applied to problems in the device, language and engineering.
And finally, here we look at English experienced to find out and to put a piece of computer, and you can see it in a series of action of actions, especially increase the activities under their own experience.
This surgery of risk of risk is going to have application analysis in terms and in security people.
And Allan Lanking, what you have seen is that a variety of terms of human behavior humans as the use of tools -- to walk together and the social construction, all of us from a single education, which leads to a system.
Now, here is a productive product.
We went back at the beginning of the use of the red train, the work would have always always been the concept that if we develop individual machines -- there will be a scientific relationship.
The machines will become against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the science of the control transportation to research.
It is not that the machine machines are become smart and then they try and try to think about the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the impact of taking the control of all the possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to be able to make the control.
Another important conversation is the start of the object.
I often ask me, how do you look for objects of this kind of market?
My equivalent to that relationship to go to the decisions to help us build artificial individuals or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that will try to make a physical process that is trying to improve the forest of action and avoid the results in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a human point in human history, something between the city of stars and lost the planet that we call "Distribution?
Even in the last few years, we have done a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is on the context of the universe.
The mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that produce around other stars -- which is just one of the thousands of millions of planets in our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of
Kenya is a space of a space that I looked at the ball invention of the stars when the planets go out of them, and they put a little bit of that light that we get us.
The data.
In fact, this helps us understand if these planets are small and relationships like the strange planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get out of their sun.
At the time, this gives you the patients about if these planets we find are talking or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this theory of the very particular world, our own planet is running under the weight of the humanity.
The year 2011, it was the most expensive car.
George and male ice that have been with us from us now are now developing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have led to global scale.
But I am not a science of the career, and I don't know that.
But I study the ability of the planet in the planet, with the hope of finding places in the universe where I found life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that you can look for extraordinary opportunities in the individual sector
Now, as someone very interested in the life of life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more to look for similar planets to the Earth.
Every one of these new world in these new world in the planet between the planet is discovered and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our support, Mars.
Mark is small and rich and despite being a little bit more far from the sun -- it can be able to build a very healthy world to show this for a mission like Kanta.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been available in the past, and in part of it is that we study so much to Mars.
Our researchers like the "subjection, you get up their surface in looking for the patterns of the life of life as we know it.
The strengths that the production of the Marine mission -- they take shows of the market atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to.
The private companies now are going to take not only a few space, but as well.
But even though all of these wonderful images remember us to the devices of our planet, places that are living in our imagination with the ideal and present ideas in compared to the Earth.
Let's take the evidence of the developing areas of our planet that they are still able to put them in the community -- really experiments in compared with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with me.
Even in the most expensive and most expensive places of the Earth the air is a family and the framework of oxygen by our own organizations to thousands of distributions of distribution.
I was worried that this is the consequence of Mars and other planets are going to get a big and a sense of stage, and the treatment of some that Mars would expect out there to save this incredible accident of the only planet that we know is really solar talking about.
For a lot of that I like the international experience -- I'm in deep with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but I would say that Mars will be there to be there to save the humanity is how to imagine that the cartoon of the West will be able to get the factory to actually have a higher place in the signals --   Thank you.
But the objects for the international experience and the substantial presentation is not controlled.
No, they are actually parts of the same model, the goal of understanding -- and it will look at life in the future.
The environmental environment is in our world in our world in the world as an extraordinary patterns.
Just that you find more about home.
So if we can understand how to create and keep the digital spaces in the open areas and interviews of the Earth, maybe we can apply the need to write our environment and go beyond that.
I'm going to leave you with a mental experience.
A lot of years ago, the physical physics asked question: I realize that our universe has been in a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of life to now.
Well, where are they are.
Well, a possible solution to the possibility of Mars is that when scientists become enough enough enough enough to be able to keep living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is going to protect the principle of the planets that are going to make this development of the planets that are going to make this development of the planets that are going to
It is an amazing thing to think that only the international evolution will save us from ourselves, but the pressure of the power and the international experience can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to move to the signals of Mars for the human pressure for human pressure -- then we should be able to figure out the most easy way to save the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I would take my own home.
And as I was in the time that I was looking at my backgrounds, I realized that I didn't have the calculations.
In fact, I was able to see the window that were at the table of the common, where I had left them.
So I really tried to open all the other door and virus, and all of them were pretty well.
I thought I was going to call a brain, at least I had my cell cell -- but in the middle -- a close could be able to get a lot of time in getting it up, and he made it.
I couldn't go home from my friend of John to spend night because I had a blood blood to Europe to the next morning to the next morning, and I lost my background and my bad.
It will be similar, but it sure that not more expensive than a heart at the middle of a night, so I thought that I thought from the controls, it was very good for it.
I'm a product of product and a little bit about how the brain works.
I call it care that I increase the heart rate -- moving the levels of attention and not the thinking.
And when I came to the stranger of the stranger in the sand, I realized I didn't have my application.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without going on.
And I started to ask you, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put on their place, that they are going to happen.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, that military the chance that it is a total phone.
So I was going to think about that, but to a month later, my thoughts don't make it.
And I was going to have my colleagues Harry Kanta, Germany Germany Northern Andrew, and a little bit was talking to him that I took the window and I had taken my hospital, and I was going to share with me that I had been trying to make something called something called something called something called something called something called something called something called something called something called something called
It's something that he had learned from the Galaxy Kanta, who had been written from this a few years before, I know as well.
They all know what the principle is.
Every time there is a design, a team of experiment comes and trying to figure out what it goes wrong.
In the price -- as a Discovery Discovery, you look at and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong to it, and I tried to figure out what it can be able to do to avoid that things happen or to keep the day.
So what I want to talk to you is about some things that we can do in the form of a primary.
Some of them are installed, others are not so enough.
I'm going to start with the objects.
In the house, I will give you a place for things that they look at the end.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science to support this room, based on how our space works.
There is a structure in the brain called the horizon, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a security of the impact of the important things, where the fish is well, where the fish -- which is the fish -- where they live the freedom of friends and information.
The hot is the part of the brain that goes up in the back of London, in the London.
This is the part of the brain that allows the articles to find their networks.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they would cut the original sense of the articles and even so they could find their networks.
They don't use the factory, but the dramatic, that very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that get a lot.
This is the reason to lose careers of the car.
So in home they get a place for classics, a gap right to the door -- maybe a device plan.
For your passion, a box in particular care.
And for their leadership galleries, a particular message in particular
If you want a place and they are educating with it, their things will always be there.
What about the values?
They take a picture of the picture of their circumstances of crime, carbon to be able to tell you, support to control themselves so that they are in the room.
If these things are lost or they put them up, this can kill the surface.
These are some of the most obvious things.
remember, when you go under the street, the brain.
And the short is a little bit and I put the thinking.
So part of the private practice is to recognize that under the best time, and you have to put the systems in their situation.
And there are perhaps not more situation than when you go into a medical decision of a medical decision of it.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one being like, to help you with a decision to help you with a decision to help you with a decision to help you with a decision to help you with a decision to help them.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I would talk about a very particular music.
But this goes as a program for all of us to make medical decisions and actually for the taken of financial decisions and social decisions of social decisions and social decisions that you have to take that you have to take a radical evolution of the done.
So let's let you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I remember the result of the lab.
They all know that the high car is associated with a higher risk of heart diseases right up to the heart of the brain.
So one is thinking that you have the high car is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that would help you reduce the control -- a status?
And maybe you have heard about the students, and you know that it's one of the most resources in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the status?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a study that you have to ask that most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the material companies even less.
It's for NASA -- the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a medicine or go to a place in any medical growth before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of education is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not take me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical program doesn't work like this.
And it's not control of the doctor -- and if you get someone from somebody -- it's the scientists like me.
We have not really understood very well.
But the Google employees that 90 percent of the drugs worked only 50 percent of the people.
So the number you need to treat the most amazing story, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before you help a person for a person.
200 percent.
And this is the research of the American researchers and Bang Bang, and Lab David controlled a form of interest by Bangladesh.
I was going to explain the numbers.
200 people have to take the medicine for a year before I would avoid a single bit of heart -- open brain or another security of it.
Now maybe you think, "Well, I was likely to protect in 200 to get my collection.
Why don't I do it? I read the rest of all mornings."
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Look at the single species? Right?
For this particular medicine in particular effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those things including the transportation things that are delivering and article and article -- but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, even if you take the medicine?
But a moment.
They remember that under strangers are not thinking about climate.
So think about how they are going to take this on the time, so they don't have to kill the control of disease in the way.
200 people take the fragmented, right? A person has been helping it, five percent of the 200 of them have high effects -- that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the fraction that you help you to help you.
I don't say they should or not take the story.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your doctor with his doctor here.
The medical rate does that, it's part of the beginning of the information in the information.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to measure the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've been able to put this number on the air for the value of the control, but actually this number needs to treat is quite positive.
And for the sequence that more is in the older men of 20 percent of the program for cancer, the number you need to treat is 2008.
This is what it is, 300 places a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
And those include the power or the professional development, the private information, the right ball -- including mathematical information.
And if you have open and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just will just give a year or two.
So the idea of the price is to think before the question of the questions that you can have to be able to make the conversation.
You don't have to kill all of this in the action.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain, or a more long life that could have a lot of pain to the factory?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their beings want to.
You can change it in the course of the moment, but at least you get in this kind of thinking.
remember, our brain is called book books, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There is an evolutionary reason for this.
I face with a device, it's not to need the digital system, or the limitation or the charge system, because if the body is spending the market in those things, I didn't really be able to be the blood of the laws -- so none of that important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going through the window during those moments is the religious movie -- like David Kanta and their colleagues have shown them.
So we have to teach them to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all distributed.
We're all going to end up at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those families, to put the systems in the place that will help me keep the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
I went back at the night of the network in Michael, when I get back from my journey -- my context, I was able to get a piece of combination right next to the door, with a key of the door in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to figure out that I still have lots of letters that I have not come on, and a lot of messages that I haven't read with.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a critical process, and I'm going to get it.
Thank you very much.
Interesting, "Steve, "The massive matter is my favorite music.
It means to play simple.
If you are playing a music and you see a manufacturing in the screen -- you need to play more simple.
Two "Would, even more.
four "Who, extremely surprising.
This is my head of a tree of a tree that you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of weight may have never come to a social computer.
That is my device activity of social, a very dark sound of sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the TED as well as a little bit of my own story.
So the language of the financial sectors came back for the 1990s, and with the time of time -- and it goes up with local sectors, and it will develop the language that we know as TED.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born -- and I was taught to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a personal person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in a fundamental country -- following their rules and beautiful and books and normal notes.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people are sharing and respond to the sound.
People are like my flowers and access the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound -- and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"I don't know the door?
You don't do a lot of true at the beginning of the professional common?
"You don't go up, and when you're eating it, you don't have to make the cards in the play."
All of this is called "the sound step."
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I'm sure of the sound.
And I'm always waiting to notice the sound of the sound that is in order to come to it.
From there, this device of there.
TED.
PM: I would continue to tell you.
TED.
You can see that the price is not in the line.
That is because the lines are still sound through the surgery and strangers and motion.
In the heart culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "the Street.
And a typical power has five line.
But to me, to me, to do the thing with my player so it doesn't feel nature.
This is why I just have four lines on the screen.
In the year, I had the opportunity to go back to Bangladesh, Republican, for an article result there.
Before this time, I had worked as a pattern.
And during this summer -- I came up and space of different galaxies, and while I was from a place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art -- everything was automatically.
Now the sound has found in my art.
Is it going to give me more than the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experience through the people.
I can feel like a social way, or you can experience it, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reduce the sound of sound and put it in my traditional program.
And everything that had taught me in how much of us, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new body.
And when I present it to the traditional community -- it goes up with the amount of support and attention.
And I realized that sound is like money, the power -- the context, social model.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was something -- it was something like a single person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be able to develop me and my traditional work, or it could be able to allow me.
I was going to allow me.
There is a massive culture on the language.
And just because I don't use my key voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me to the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be able to be related to the current society.
So in school in school, in the work and interviews, work with many different institutions.
And his voice became my voice and identity.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have a value and father of it.
Except, when you ask their lives, I'm able to keep a way of value -- something like taking a project with a very high amount of interesting.
If I didn't talk to this program -- I feel that it could be able to put it in the forget and not have any kind of social value to have social value and no social value of social value to it.
So with the sound like my new African measure in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the markets between the music and the TV.
For example, a music is not going to be able to cut and experience on the paper.
And the same thing can be able to tell you from a concept in TV.
The two are very specific and highly models that means that it means that they can add the whole meaning as much of the signals as the sound of the sounds like this.
I would like to share a metaphor of the planet, so they understand better how the TED works.
So imagine a piece.
The Lanka is made in many different groups.
If you get a different impact for every challenge while you take the planet, as the physical experience, the movement of the body, the form of the hand and so on the way you get the path, the English is a legal language.
However, the Lanka is more like a action, you need the 10 feet in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in TV.
If only one phone will change the attack, create a completely different meaning of it.
And the same thing happened with the music in how much of you -- and he came up and they start.
In Telerage, when you use these different creative things, you can explain different ideas.
For example, the signal was in that.
This is the signal standard.
I'm looking at you.
Microbes measure.
Oh, I'm going to take you out.
One one.
What are you looking at it?
Oh, based.
So I was going to think about it, and if I see the Lanka through the models of music.
And if I had to create a size and take it back over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the size of day, the sun comes and put it out.
This is all the day.
If you do it and reduce the speed -- you just see it as a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
All night.
This is all night at this room, in this room.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "So "I was "a nation?
I feel that the third has more death than the other two.
And this represents how the time in Landood and how the design to the body can explain change in time.
For example, you hear -- it's a hand, two hours -- it's two hands, the present makes it more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time.
And then, "I was "going to "survive, and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very nice idea and distributed at the time, there was once once once again.
"The common common is a music team with a space of four times per day.
However, when I see the word "good, I think absolute in the same time.
So you see 3D hand right hand.
We have the price through the head and the person.
"The "guy, Man, Garden French "The Peter "The personality, Man, I was going to teach you a form of the hand called "The "green "green?
Can you do that?
All of the hands in high hand.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like the fish -- something like a common "growth?
Yeah, very well.
That means to be involved?
The international system, as I noticed -- it's a visual tool to help communicate in all of the culture and the signs in the world.
The second one I would like to show you is this one. Please give them again.
And now this.
It means "general in the TV.
Now, the third one. Please let me go again.
And again.
It's "generally interested."
We're going to do the three together.
"Company, "general and "general.
Good work.
They look at how the three seconds are very similar -- all of them happened in the head and the fish -- but they make very different means of it.
It's amazing to see how the Lanka is living and present, like music.
However, we live in a very nice world.
And only because the Lanka doesn't have sound sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value of social value and allow the Hollywood to develop their own value without sounds -- without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be trying to learn TED -- not that you have to be able to learn music.
The Lanka is a theory and I'd like to have the same experience.
I would like to show you how to open their eyes, to open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can be able to get out of us.
Thank you.
I was going to be Kamile, and that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all, but then you have to get them.
And the freedom of the responsibility of it.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a piece of energy or a stranger term -- I should say, because the adults are going to be able to protect from the real reality.
When I get it better, I was taught that the activities are also interviewed and that they're not very good to clean the other ones of others.
So the time -- now I'm a corner and I teach the city and invented in the school school of San Kanta.
You don't have to wait a lot to wait for my students to walk up by the village of the surgery with the back of the surgery.
So as good cities -- we clean the balls, and no, it's not a complete computer, and if it is, I didn't know.
It is a same thing to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans are going to be politically.
It's kind of strange.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming back with these great surgery and resources, to reduce those plastic pieces of plastic to study the microscope, and we get them up and we reduce this information in a map of a map of it.
But for a stage and it is very expensive and it's also very hard to use those huge books.
So along with my students with the age of six to 15 to 15 years, we are with a better way.
We have been able to take our car car in hospital in a blood.
We started to build this message of work with it to be able to go out that the kids are very happy can also be able to participate them.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools feel great and safe people.
Not exactly exactly it.
Let's go back to the police.
We take the plastic and we take it back to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fraction.
That we do.
I left it to the image of my students here.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to change it in something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of getting a piece of police, we're just going to get information.
By the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this position. The kids are excited with the robots of the robot.
And then we created what we call "The protection of protection.
We are so fast in the process of projects that we ended up before they would get up.
And we were able to bring them up and came down in terms and we put it into a common robot that will move literally by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot of the robot on the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic playing literally through the feeling while the computer computer is going to try this picture and measure the size of each particular -- to get a survival of the amount of plastic in the water.
We took this invented step back in a website in a website called "The "specialist, and the hope that someone else is even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they are trying to be trying to solve it.
I can get up my own profit problem, but my students in hospital are very well information.
You see the news -- they put the Internet, and they were taken with this picture.
A child -- maybe 10 years old, you can get an oil of oil -- only using the hands -- in San, the world's largest market in Bangladesh in Bangladesh.
And they were very surprised because this is the water that you get on, is the water in which they go up, the water where they are, the place where they live in.
You can also see the water that the water is, the white and the oil is also completely happy and when all of it goes up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a very first test of a space that can be able to move through all kinds of surfaces that produce different species -- which can help identify what there is in the water.
We put this program with a feeling and we went to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that more to solve a local problem, or to take a local problem, my students used their impact and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can get a problem to distribution -- I saw a second experiment to make a second experience, and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe to bring a more difficult problem.
I am half and half a feedback and you may remember -- that in 2009, there was a device of device in Japan.
It was so vision that they have a number of grandmother galaxies, called the substances, and those robots are doing several cities in the cost of this Japan.
More than 1,000 people died in a training.
It also gives the nuclear power power of Francisco, a nuclear center on the water.
And today, according to the research of 200 tons are still taken out of the nuclear plant in the ocean.
Today, all the New York has a control of control by Hollywood.
If we go to the cost of it, we can measure the relationship of Florida everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems that most of the relationship will be able to get out of the political cost and most of the time, and most of them -- it has a safe thing.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Florida every year from the audience and research in the other scientists with other scientists -- the land -- and this time we want to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents don't allow them.
But every night we go into the control center -- here you see the use of different movement.
It might seem that they didn't take the job work, but they did it because they are going to have to live with your life.
You know, with the data we did that day and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the startuper -- etc.
And to do this, we create a map of the region of the region around the nuclear power of nuclear energy.
We created the map of bacteria -- we put them together to reduce data in real time in real time.
And with this we could notice that the record color is made from the top of the mountain to the right system and developing in the ocean.
It was a survival material.
But with based on this we produce a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the family.
We move up to 12 miles of the nuclear center and with the help of the area of the area we went back to the market of the market with a little bit of measure as we get up and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build it.
So here we see a programming, we have gone from a local problem to a problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale technologies also with a very simple and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been more failure because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I wonder if we should give the room and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit so small by it, and we found an industrial innovation in Kenya, and we turned it into the largest space for social and environmental space.
It is in the center of Hollywood Kanga, and it's a place where we can work with a way, metal, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of particular, you can basically build almost all over there.
It's also a place where the adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the kids of the kids can actually come up with the help help and where they can be children again.
Students, access. Take.
To stop Hollywood, we asked things like, can we invent the future of the movement with energy energy?
For example.
Or can we help us in the movement of the age of the age that they are going to be able to bring their own signals to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it in new laboratory.
The patient, the oil and the revolution are terrible languages, but the worst language that we can leave our children are minds.
We can't allow the kids to protect the kids of the truth because we need their imagination to invent the solution.
So, scientific cities, creativity, strangers, we need to provide the next generation for the environment and people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
These two gallery cards, two degrees of design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of analog, the other one in a single day.
One of them is situation -- the other organic one.
One of them are moving on the environment, the other thing I created it.
One is designed by nature.
He said that when he looked at the market in terms -- I saw a film that I used to be free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free for being free
The career was only tool of Monterey Monterey.
But the lives are not climate.
They grow up.
And in the most small challenges of life, the cells, we took all the information for every cell to work.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the India, the world of design has been killed by terms of the material and produce in the mass of it.
The mountains have been saying a world made of parts of parts -- and it takes the image of designers and activity to think to think of their objects like influence of parts with different ways.
But you don't find mathematicians of material market in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite parts are related to a little bit of devices.
The parts of the wife are more groups with small eyes.
You can actually be able to take a film, the other problem as a ball, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no particles, there are no information.
It's a system that was going to go up with their life by the speed of electricity -- the variety of electricity.
Here is a digital screen that represents my view of the world world, which is the opposite of every design and architecture to work between the card and the gene -- between the market and the growth -- between the bear and China Charles.
These two view of the world, my left and the right and the right and the reason, it shows up in the two patterns after me.
My work, in his most simple level, I tried to join these two view of the world, coming out of the information and access to the growth.
They probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history -- a right moment where they were able to make four diseases that are going to go to designers that we never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four fields -- my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students and the hands of my students ...
We design objects and products and tools through scale -- of great scale -- like this brilliant arm with a course of a 21st feet of distribution that some day is not going to be very happy to put into the darkness.
So here we have recorded the career, an argument of the old architecture and has created a screen where every car is in the same way to model the form of light and career through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a box and a film. This was for a device of Park with Europeans -- it is like a second skin made of one piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of particular on the control of the control.
And it was Japan with 3D presentation, we put this box and family family with the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
And this guy is able to change mathematical materials and bands in the 20 feet.
This is the result of a human heart.
It is also the result of a CO2 stage.
So the designers have access to this high device and the social institutions.
We have also designed a carbon car, a character at the time at the same time, and as well.
The control of the control -- my color, we went back to the nature to teach it, and when you design this piece of surprise surface, it becomes surprised.
We put this surface of four different properties -- that they were going to go up in terms of and control and control to the power points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature -- it will go up to their life not by the application of another material or another material, but it is a whole bit of mathematical and developing the material product.
But is it the natural nature.
There are no parts in the nature?
I didn't go up in a relationship of relationship, but when I was young people, my grandmother told me stories of the Bible Bang, and one of them came to me, and I was going to stop a lot of what I care about.
As she said, "The third day of the Collining, God management to the Earth will make a huge freedom of freedom."
And for that first Africa, there will be no difference between the pattern, the bottom and the fractions.
All the tree was a fraction.
In change, the land made it growing trees with man, control and family.
The land created a world made of parts of it.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creativity?
So we find that the public material -- the kind of material of the fraction of the fraction of the fraction with fractions, and we found it.
The second building in the planet is called the pattern, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like transportation, correlations, computers and markets.
We thought that if we could feel their own people, we could generate the mobile structures in one piece of a piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it mental market --   we asked a lot of carbon to take them up, and we put them up and we produce the network.
You know, the chemical controllers, we have been able to get a high range of protection, from dark and distributed to the light and support and open.
In order to print the structures to a great scale -- it built a system with a whole system of extraordinary control in front of it.
The robot could be able to see the professors of the material and create these structures from a single matter of a single matter of a lot of many feet long, 100 percent.
When the fish are ready -- you let them find it to find a natural form to the air.
So why are we going to do with politics?
The air.
You know, with our colleagues in David and HIV -- we include the bacteria designed to be able to get very quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it out in it.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their face without any of the problems to beauty -- and if you get even more even more.
So a background freedom of fraction.
I would work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life on the planet, with a little bit of water and with a little bit of a social biology -- we've made a structure made to be done in an architecture that was made as a tree of a tree that was made as a tree one.
And here is the best part for objects -- for objects to deal with it, put them in the sea -- they will feed the food life, and put it on the room, help grow a tree to grow up a tree of it.
The car for our next experience using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating a record to keep life for the international values for them.
To do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their flower.
This is how we were positive, we made our own mass of elements, new forms of life to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to form and application in biological ways.
And I like to think about the social biology like the chemical algorithm, just that instead of making a big markets -- they feel new biological lives.
This field is called medicine.
We put our own 3D cause in order to control the flow of these clean chemical creatures.
In our first piece of record, they got two microscopes.
The first is science.
I live in our oceans and in the water.
And the second one, and I mean, the bacteria that was in the human industry.
A conversation is going to be able to figure out the other building and they produce complete computers for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met it.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of record.
Think about it as a evolution -- not by nature, but evolution by design.
In order to get these relationships -- we have created a single cause that goes up to the digital process, which will help you end up these bacteria and they were going to go out of the way.
So we started to make those cards in the human body, which is a lot of the material of the material of the material of the device.
If we wanted more photographs -- we did more offices.
This particular system, when you were going to be out of an end to another one.
So this is half of the language of a financial field and 10 times more than our own invention.
And here it is, as a matter in TED -- our first possibility -- which is a little bit of biological cards with life.
Thank you.
Mars Salai said, "We are creative creatures in a way, just half a sense.
What if the design would provide the other metaphor?
And if we could create structures that increase the material life?
And if we could create the personal microbes that would be able to get our skin -- they would remember the team and make our bodies?
Think about this as a way to avoid biology as well.
I call this the material education.
For it, you always have to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D presentation is made in the world.
You also know that nature doesn't make it like this.
I grew up -- I grew up with society.
This level of the grandmother, for example, create a very sophisticated architecture -- a home in which it is managed.
The factory doesn't care about this level.
It makes it through the combination of two materials -- but of two different proteins in different places.
One act as a structure -- the other is the gene or the kill -- by using those factors between each other.
And this happens through scale.
The number of the first one is present in the environment, created a stranger, and then it starts to have a computer capital.
The tension and the computer, the two forces of life, they have a single material in a music.
With the end of understanding how to work this complex process -- we put a little girl to the head of a room, to the hospital.
We put it inside of a box with me, and that allows us to create this cost of points in three doctors and visit the professional complexity of the surgery of the world.
And yet, when you put it out in a planet, not within a box -- not in a box -- we realized that I would have a planet balloon and still make it up.
So we started to design different insights, different animals, and we've discovered that the way, the structure of the capital, the structure of the capital, it will spread directly by the environment.
They often have the grandmothers of the way to death inside their cards, their situation is developed and used in the survivor industry in the surgery.
We saw that I design these plates we can give up in the way that we were going to be able to make a single charge.
They were moving up, and we could create these things.
So we heard this process to the traditional scale.
We had a white robot by doing some signals, and we put it in our situation.
We knew that the substantial substances are moving up to more dark and familiar areas so we use a piece of solar robot to solve the distribution of light and the cause in our structure in our structure and the heat in our structure and the heat in our structure in our structure.
And so we created holes or authors, to take the areas of light and the heat -- described the grandmothers on the structure.
We were ready to get the transportations.
We were able to ask 250 gallery substances to a whole bit in line.
And after after four weeks, they were ready to deal with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the animal, and as they were done, they were all allowed, they put open up, and life starts again, like us, but a lot more short than us, but a lot more career.
Japan Foundation said that the team is the great information, and I was right.
When you have a biological amount of biology on the signal speed, they give up all of this stranger their institution.
And in a little more than two or three weeks of seven weeks of search started 250 miles away.
And in a simple, this is also the leadership of the rest of the sea.
The backgrounds, after the leadership, they produce 1,000 million dollars.
This could be used for 25 dollars in the future.
So here are the two view of the world.
A step straight is a professional arm -- the other video comes in.
If the last design of design is to give the products and the buildings that we have us, to form a team of two materials -- the designers have to go up these two view of the world.
What it takes us back to us, of course, at the beginning.
This is a new design of design -- a new age of creativity -- which leads us from a design design in the nature to a nature to a nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Let's take your hand if you ever ask them to ask them, "What do you want to be more than more of it?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this this?
You can show them with the decades.
Three -- five -- three, five -- five -- five percent.
Now, let's take your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more than more than it?
It has given them some kind of antibiotics.
Any antibiotics.
I'm somebody who I could never respond to the question "What do you want to be more than more of it?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest -- but I had too much.
In school I like the English and the man and the art and the art and the artist of the work -- I was going to put it into a website called Steve Francisco called France.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general I'd like to try and look at all of the ways for a long time and energy.
But with the time, this feeling of accident, this feeling of this, this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave you.
But then I was interested by another thing, something completely different, and I moved up in it, and I let me go up and I feel a feet? I've found the memory?
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different and different and I would like to get it into that.
This pattern causes me a lot of antibiotics, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this in a box.
I thought I had to choose one thing, and I was going to bring all of my other patients, and you will get it up.
Another reason I got so much of them as much as a little bit more people.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something wrong in me for not to figure out it.
I was allowed to have fear to the beginning or to be distributed, or to be able to figure out or my own success.
If you can collect my story and these feelings -- I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have put on the time.
Think of themselves, where they learned to figure out the meaning of bad or animal to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned from the culture.
And we asked us first of all, what do you want to be more than more of it?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one is important to what you tell that age.
It becomes an amazing question to bring them up in the children in the children like, "I want to be a "green?
They tried the Hollywood Hollywood here.
This question gets us over and over again as we grow from different ways -- I went to students -- I was asked to stay in the University of the universe.
And at some point, what do you want to be more than more of it?
It's going to be the fundamental impact of before what the dream.
Why?
So if this question is inspired to kids to work with what they might be, not to be involved with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite -- because when somebody asked you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though they were very well interested and they say, "Oh, what causes, but you can't be able to be a transportation of values and political.
You have to carry."
This is the Dr. John China -- and he is artificial of values and productivity.
And this Tampagor Norway, and I was able to turn it back into the common, protection, production and creative direction.
But most kids don't have to talk about people like this.
All you know is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very identify in our culture.
It's this idea of the challenge or the real education, the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and they will stop their life to it.
But and if you are somebody who's not connected in this work?
What if there are a lot of different issues that make their ability and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for somebody like one in that mountain.
And so you can feel just feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a object.
And I felt that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a molecule market.
A molecule is somebody with a lot of interesting and creative activities.
It's a professor for it.
It could help you in three parts of it, carbon, potential and data.
You can also use other terms that are going to tell the same idea.
In the time of the Research, the idea was who I was good to see in a different distribution.
Bang Salai is right to us as "Socially."
They use any food that you like or send you a own one.
It seems like a kind of access to a community, we can't be able to agree with a single identity with one.
It is easy to see the movie as a market or activity that you have to see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and write about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces in this way.
So here are three moral surfaces.
One, the success of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the process of something new in the innovation.
It's Harvard and David Brazil would experience their own shared interventions in carbon, violence of data, values, mathematics and design.
It is a company that creates bankers interviewed in the ground.
And David and David was going on this idea of the unique idea of the skills and experience.
The innovation is happening in innovation.
From the new ideas.
And the molecules, with all of their antibiotics, they can access to a great amount of information.
The second monitor surface is the perfect learning of the quickly.
When the molecules are interested by something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are willing to be principles -- for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of trying to treat new things and get out of our community.
A lot of skills are available to other diseases, and we make everything that we have learned to every new area that we do, so we ended up in the brain.
It was not Danny is a journey of a whole time, and I wrote interest.
As a young girl is present an incredible ability of developing the mass memory of it.
Now, she is the most quick memory.
Before we become written before it was not positive for failure.
He had to learn the model of the most final view when he started their own programs, and this ability helps him write the collective collections for the engineers.
You know, it is a little bit of time to go to what you're going to do, even if at the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field of a way that you could not have been able to have before.
The third model is the advanced antibiotics. That is, the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a situation.
You know, California is sometimes different of videos -- others design -- sometimes control of Bangladesh, sometimes the teacher of Benjamin, and sometimes when you look like that.
It's value because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can be able to take a little bit of the robots -- depends on the needs of their citizens.
The Red Republic developed associated as the most important ability to develop in the 20th century.
The economic world changes so quickly and interested that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to put the needs of the market.
Seconds of ideas.
As a society, we have a great interest in front of the motions to be themselves.
We have complex problems.
So let's say they are, in your heart space.
They come out of the wind to know because they wanted to be present principles.
You don't think of it, there's nothing wrong in you.
And in fact, some of the best team came out of a space and a strange motion.
The space can play in the product and put it into the ideas, and the market is going to be a relationship of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives.
And, by the way to the markets in a big part of it will just be more like they are going to be more like their own specialists.
And once it says this, if there's one thing that you come from this talk, I hope that it is this: I remember with the international control is what it is.
If you are a piece of heart -- then especially for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the movies in the room, including those who are just one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, record with their lots of patients.
They follow their ability for those consumers of it.
They explore the interest in it.
It will be able to bring our own interview to a more open life and happy life.
And maybe the most important thing about it, movies, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, a woman called Alan Star was taken to a police in Africa.
I used to go up and I couldn't remember even the most basic challenge of their life.
His doctor is called Alexanders.
Andrew did not know how to help Asia, but it goes back to her until it was for support, it was going to go in 1990.
After his death -- Alexander was going to be an open and found photographs and blood planets in the brain, from a guy who had never seen before.
He even even more surprising.
If I used to have been living today, we couldn't give it to her more help than Alexander gave him 200 years ago.
Alisonic was Dr. Alexander Alexander.
And Alexander Design, the first patient in getting a device that we now call Descarce disease.
Of course, the medicine has become a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and violence to protect the informations, many treatment tools for cancer, and the streets for HIV -- and much more.
But it's been created in the treatment of the Taliban.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a center for the Hollywood for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Hollywood now goes to 30 million around the world.
But in 2009, it will go to 100 million that, by the way, by the way, to get a lot of you.
If you hope to live up to the age of 25 or more, the possibility of control will be almost one of each other.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years with Harvard or help to go to a friend or to be wanted to do with Robert.
It's only in the United States, the car of Harvard costs 200 million every year.
One out of five dollars of the medical activity is spent in the disease.
It's the most expensive disease -- and their cost would be able to put a five times in the year 2005, as he invented the generation of the white ball.
It may be surprised, but the Mars is one of the biggest doctors and social societies of our generation of us.
But it has been done very little bit to make it.
Today, 10 of the 10 causes of death around the world, the Mars is the only one that can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get or even control their development or even developing.
We understand less from the Hollywood than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the cancer of cancer that in the American in the fact of the fact that we care more the Mars and cause a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause of science.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the way you have the world to be a disease, and we can cause it.
For most of the last 150 years, all the scientists -- the scientists -- the scientists are constructed with inventory.
We think it's going to be sitting in a normal part of a normal and invented part of it.
But there is only to look at a picture of a brain of a brain in company with a patient of Harvard to see the real physical physics for this disease.
It's also able to figure out a little bit of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain is called the Hollywood resource of life, and it's always matter.
remember, Dr. Darwin found plastics and basic paintings in the South brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of molecules of transitions.
You can think of a progress of protein as a piece of paper that is based on a principle.
There are places in the paper that are possible.
And when you look good, these powerful points ended up in the information.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some powerful points are going on in the experience.
So this makes the programs of protein you think about each other, and they can form groups that can form big plants and background.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Robert.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of California trying to understand how this distribution.
There are a lot of countries, and the evidence of what happens to be complex -- as I had a book.
It would be able to do anything else.
Completely the other people can make the name of it.
And you have to find the right step that the back thing, and then create a drug that I do it.
And so much of all, in your most part of it have gone up with the colors and hope the best thing.
But now there is a group of people of people.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's now working a new kind of drugs that will be providing this step to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a little video of what happened when I was going to try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to treat these
So these are the good guys, and you can see that they move with normal.
These grades, all over the other hand, they have molecules of protein that you put into each other, as in humans with Harvard.
And you can see that they're clearly controlling.
But when you give our new drugs to these grades in a standard space, then we see that they knew and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result -- but the research like this shows that the Mars is a disease that we can understand and love.
After 2,000 years of hope, there is a real hope of what you can put in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to create that hope, to see the Hollywood, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that the Mars is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have found more research and possible power about governments -- in science of scientists and leaders.
That was essential to get in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 60 at the end of the 60 at the end of the percent.
We see that same used to see cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their family, the speed videos, the control of their beings want to give them and night, they're often often too decision to go back and go through the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Mars is not most of a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 30 million patients like America, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help you talk about them, and they help us get a currency.
Thank you.
I put this article in the New York City in the New York City, in the beginning of this year.
In order to get some of somebody -- do this.
The article comes from a political study -- designed to create a public love in the lab and my own experience when I was a night of the summer last summer of the past.
So the growth is pretty simple -- two factors are taken to make 18 questions more and more people and then they look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could walk up with a control or support, what would it be?
Number 21, when was the last time you call the other person in the other person.
And right?
As you go up, these are more people.
Number 20 -- I really like to give you to your robot what you open out of him or her, I know that I did this time, and I did things that you would not say to somebody that you have ever met before.
When I took me with this study a few years ago, a challenge really called me the attention that two of the scientists had spent six months later, and I invited all of the lab.
So it was a little bit about this process of making a radio love, but of course, I was also interacting.
And when I had the ability to test this study with somebody who I knew not really very well, I don't expect to get it.
We didn't know, we were excited, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the course of Man Monterey a few months later.
So that was based on it, and now it's already a hot, so I guess that some of you probably ask you to ask you to ask you together?
And the reason I believe that I think this is because they've done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is basically what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before you put the article was very nervous in the way.
I had been working in a public book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in my back in my back.
But a piece of white can come back to a few hundreds of view as a lot, and those were used only from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will be probably about a few million view.
And that makes a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship in a relatively new.
But as I was like, I had no idea.
The article was based on the line on the night at night, and the step, this is going on in the office of my band.
And the record, I had already called me the Stanford Stanford and the World Monterey Monterey.
In a month -- the article got over eight million lives, and I was to say something like this kind of present for this kind of attention.
One thing is to kill the conversation by writing with a sense of the self-assembly experience, but another thing is to discover that the food life of one has been an international news.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- always they did first the same question, even if you get together together.
In fact, when I was looking at this talk -- I made a quick room on the top of my job with the family, "Do you keep them?
And so many messages they come in.
They were from students and personalities and control and the scientific factors like this.
I was involved in the rich and they asked it.
Even a talk -- and a woman came up to the stage to the stage of the stage, "What is your newspaper?
And I immediately put it wrong.
I understand this is part of the project.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you have to expect people to be able to ask about it.
But I was not ready for the surface of the answer.
The 18 questions seemed to have been living life.
In fact, the New York Times put a complicated article for San Vietnam, which including the experiences of the lessons when you try and study the study in these different groups.
So my first map to all this attention was to be very much to be very excited with my own relationship of me.
I said not every chance that we both would do a public device together.
It was really information institutions, and you take the pictures of the pictures of us.
I think I had a fear of conversation in the control of the energy process -- a rest for that I didn't feel at the whole thing.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study works -- they wanted to know if it really works -- or whether it was able to produce food love -- not only a transformation, not just a real love -- it's real love -- they love it.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to respond to me.
My relationship had a few months a few months, and I felt about all, that people will put the wrong question.
So how do we know if we keep together or not, and it will be described?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these 18 questions less interesting.
The Dr. Archie was written first about these questions in this same study in 18 and there, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce high love.
Instead of that, I'm looking for an amazing environment between college students -- using what Arabia called Super Persan and protected and relationship.
Sure support, right?
But the study does work.
The particles felt more close after doing it. various studies were also used to be used to be used by the British Arabic Arabic as a quick way of creating trust and interact between factors.
They have used it in the middle of the public and the community -- and they've used it between people of public political ideas.
The original version of history, which I was trying to see the last summer that changed people with four minutes with four minutes of visual contact -- it was called in this article -- but unfortunately, it was never going on.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small University of global art, and then a student came back to me and said to me, and he said to me, and he didn't work the study and it doesn't work work.
He seemed to figure out it.
And I said, "Do you want to say that the person who did you do that?
Well, he made a pattern.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they become better friends.
Did it feel that they were going to have been able to know the study.
The advance.
So, I said, "I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for it.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I took me with the study for the first time when I was 18 and I was getting a really difficult survivor.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was going to be probably my entire life, and he was my first real love -- and I had no idea how or I could live without it.
So I went back in science.
I did everything that I could find about the science of the open love -- and I hope that that could be a certain way to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought it was just in the book that I wrote for the book that I wrote but it really seems really obvious, it seems really obvious?
I thought that if I brought me with the knowledge of the open love, I would never have to sit as bad and just like I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so I felt so
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another way.
I'm more patient with love -- I'm more relative.
I have more trust to explain what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you can actually get to me.
What you look for from love is a place, not just to be a love today and to be a high morning, but that I'm going to continue to be love by the person that I love you.
It may be that this is the place that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about the 18 questions is that there may be a back to be able to get it.
There may be a way to look at some of the moral risk -- and this is a very smart story, because it will be able to make us feel wonderful -- but it's also accident.
But I think when it comes to love -- we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I said, still keep together together.
And his content with an answer of know or not.
So more than a question -- I would try to ask you more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who your love looks like.
How do you get engineers when things are completely, and how do you know how to cut and disappear?
How do you live with the income that you can actually have a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your body?
I don't know about the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more religious conversation about what to love someone to love somebody to.
So if you want the version of the history of my relationship of my relationship -- this is this one, a year ago, and I put a study to make a design design to create food love -- we still get together together, and I'm very control.
But I'm not going to be the same thing that will be able to get into it.
It is the easy part of it.
So at the end of my car write, the love didn't happen.
We are going to be able to do that because we take the choice of going on.
And I looked at a little bit about the language now, not because it's not true but because at the moment, I had not built everything that I was going to be able to get out of that choice of it.
It doesn't consider how many times we would have both of us to take that decision and how many times I would have to keep doing that choice without knowing that if he would always go to me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 18 questions -- have been able to love someone so general and surgery and fun and have experienced that choice in the largest day.
But what I've done in change is to turn my relationship in the kind of half in which I don't really think of true.
And what I'm looking for -- and what I'm going to spend my life is that that half is true.
I want the final happy in the point of my article -- which is, in fact, the only part of the article that actually didn't write it.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to allow someone to love somebody and the hope that he was going to love me, and it is architect, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
And I was created by a little bit in the power and a way in a way.
The city of New York City a time.  something that really affect me, but most of them.
I started with when I was eight years old.
I took a box box -- and I put a picture of a dollar -- a pattern and a half on it somewhere in Congress.
And I thought that some of the financial humans or a few ants found this box about 200 years later, and they learned how our species are doing ideas -- for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has too much because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing books.
At a time I was in the Hollywood -- I like to go out and do it out and make all those right things -- and I was making a street for my mother for me.
And I took a discovery and I took all the pages and I made a kind of the heart calculations to the United States, which is the course of the name and a bees and an old one.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is access to them, so they go up in the room, I think I could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it.
Instead, I was going on the context, in some kind of seemed to go out of size -- as if you look at the surgery with a box with a book.
So I did it? It makes more cheap.
And this time, I started to add electrical elements -- recently, basic factors that I was found on the street, everything that I could find because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relationships and tell stories about these objects.
So I was going to tell you about the objects -- and I realized that God I can do in space.
I can be able to be able to make a professional transportation that makes it around a control in the scene of the grew in the scene of it.
And I got the objects and I created my own survivor of specific space.
First, the ones that you can do an idea.
And then I did a little bit of interviews and critical creatures ...
It was very fun to draw in the rest of it.
And it was great, because I started to look at experiments and those things, and I was making some money, to get to my business to get to the seat, for example, going to South.
It was starting -- man.
At some point I was interested in the human form of the human form of the natural size of human beings with human beings within the world.
It was great, except for one thing -- I got it up.
I didn't know what to do, because the guy was going to kill me.
And I was going to the line every night thinking about it.
So I tried to be able to use it.
And I started to draw in the video models -- similar to the device in a window -- then in another window and another window and I had all of these virus together, and I had all of these virus together that form a traditional computer.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using it.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very large -- I call the professional?
For the professionalist, I was inspired in a big way in the back of the Design Designers, which is a program in the museum of the Project in space.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic fourth.
They say it's a little bit language to his time.
Well, the professor?
I spent 18 miles away.
25 feet long.
It has a controlled control, so it's 10 feet of computer.
It's a little bit right.
Well, that's the source of the health.
On the left -- it's John and the languages.
There is a point where all of these creatures with millions of animals travel between two world.
They are going from the world of responsibility, to this interview of antibiotic beauty where they get in.
This is where the creatures with millions of animals are given to the end.
The ocean is full of thousands of times.
So this is a little girl to be a course.
Bill Brazil is in the sea -- the Hollywood -- the Hollywood police of the device -- the Red Revolution Republic Rosether, there are all kinds of certain things that you can find if you look very well at the ocean.
In all of us also sort of kind of kind of also kind of kind of also sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of kind
It's coming out of the ocean, and I heard oil in a hand while the other hand came up with the other hand.
Their hands are like baby and it seems to be a metaphor that keeps the Earth and the course of the common.
So it's a transformation of the professional?
It's a little bit of a nature.
That's the hand in which I do.
And then, when you go into the other hand, it has a creation, like a planet, and I was able to take you out of this program.
It also has a 2000 feet of long meters that you have to go to the professional?
In all of all, his color was going to go back to the plant of a journey.
I don't know why that happened.
And things that happened, you know.
His color ended up in a correct card carbon made from the 1990s of 1990s.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the 1990s, as if they were blood balls of the terrorists.
All the time.  This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called "the "general."
This is a project of six years to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an article of our culture -- through media and material to be positive, discoveries or resources.
But each of you act as a kind of architecture in ways of being human -- and they go back in groups of 20 or 12 to 12 to the time.
They are like cells -- they are discovered -- they go down.
And you can walk between them. It's getting years.
Each one is basically a computer of microbes that I had been 15 miles with a human humans in their information.
This is a little bit in the heart.
That's the head -- it's the fish -- you can teach the installence.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there is a challenge that comes out of the heart, and he got the poet or notion, or what it has to have, a kind of things.
It's a quick challenge of these work because I can't explain for a long time.
We have careers, you can see.
This is a pay body for half of it.
This has two head, and it's a community between the two.
There are a few people who go back and go into the head of this strange space.
There is a small scale in the right ability in the right.
Can you see it?
In all of all, this talk is about these characters, like the lights that we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box here.
It's a charge box called Parkinson's Lab.
And within this box there is a physics -- a professor, a patient, a material, a strategy, a strategy, a market, a scale, a scale -- an industrial arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a barrier.
We look at the box and all the people in the middle with each other as particles as well.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you learn who it is and the box in which it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, which is that this notion that we are different. These kinds of countries of the countries, from the relationships, it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to show those things with paper and we are all going to die very soon here.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them the head?
They take a home.
But so that this village has effect against the pain, first of all, the individuals and other restaurants.
You take a piece is the most effective system to be the most effective and interactive system so that anybody was effect in the body.
The development, though, is that when you look at any medicine to be able to do it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV in patients with HIV patients.
When you take an antibiotic drugs -- these they have to give up the amount of virus in the room, and increase the region of 3D cells.
But they are also known by their personal effects -- in their biggest neurons, because at the time you go back to the blood science, they go up, and worse even for the time that they come up in your design, which is where it is more important, which is where it's more important.
These are resources of the body like the computer globalizations, the nervous system, the backgrounds, where the virus is interested and not in the end of the patients that are moving to the top of the patients that are moving to the responsible of antibiotics with antibiotics of antibiotics with antibiotics of antibiotics who are going to be able to get to the responsible of antibiotics with antibiotics of antibiotics
However, after the treatment of treatment -- the virus can go up and send new cells.
So this is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current frameworks that is a treatment of life to be able to go up with a computer.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the device of the virus -- without the risk of the mathematicians?
So as a scientific experience is in languages, the answer was inside me, of course.
If you use it in police, for the control of human and surgery of designers, you can use it for anything impossible -- including the international transformation of the drugs of the media.
In fact, we are already used to be used to open out or build small holes that are going to go up and run almost the cell cells with HIV to send the media.
The best they said, "What is that possible.
We sent a little bit and a little bit of performance on the cell cell of the cell measure by the HIV while these cells are invented in a little bit that comes up with the family.
The street stands on the cell of the cell as the cell comes up in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is to take it up.
We are currently working on this technology and in terms of Pakistan, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can question.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our standard, we're going to make a income in the site of the information.
The second head, which is a camera -- you get to the site of the information.
For the end, the third head, an individual that will draw the Africa -- it would be directly in the site of the information, while the fly is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can be able to tell the total architecture of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A current for HIV ...
This is the dream of all of the GDP in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I have been studied in the last decade -- they don't have the strangers not for the strangers like terrorists, international or microbes.
I did what these groups do when they're not described.
My goal is to understand the best teachers of violence and study ways to be able to increase the evidence of the evolution of the evolution of the evolution of the construction to the conference.
I make a field work in the world of political and the paper.
They understand these groups is key to solve almost all of a conversation in cancer, because the war has changed.
It used to be a device between state.
I don't know no.
Now it's a conversation between the state and the notions not government.
For example, in the age of 1990, I was able to go in between 18 and 99 percent between a state and an act of not government.
So we need to understand these groups -- we have to show them or put them into any process of entirely successful conversation.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what I'm going to know about these organizations here.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how they do it, but no one would do when they do not choose it.
And the red box and the political policements are not related.
It's all part of the same organization in the same way.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less developing it, without a global view.
The food groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the color was known by his fact to be able to see Stanford.
From his creativity in the case in the University of 1990s, has also made a political part of a political sense, a network of social services and a military application.
In the same way, you know, known by their substance applications against Steven, as well.
So these groups do more than just going to just give them.
They're managing.
They put a complex machine of communication -- statistics of the Rose, single sites of the Internet and structures of the Internet and social lives.
And here you have the Red research in English.
The food groups are also involved in a complicated computer of family business, but by the way, but for example, companies of consideration.
These activity are key together.
They allow these groups to increase their force, and they increase their failures, to make it better and build their mountain.
The food groups also do something more, create more forces with their population to invest in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in
They build schools -- and they were going to be able to put up and they put up in terms of the professional space or microbes of microscope.
Hollywood took all these services and more.
The food groups are also trying to bring to the population to make something that the state doesn't be born, security and protection.
The advance of the bloods in an Afghanistan Authorian in the war or even the beginning of South America. It can also understand the evidence of these groups of these groups in order to make sure for security security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has a completely expensive price for the population.
But in general, to provide social services means to be able to run a video -- a product left by the government, and it allows them to be able to make their power.
For example, the average price of 200 of the 1990s can't understand without recognize the social work.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the Internet, when we move to the food groups -- we just think about the visual side.
But that's not enough.
These groups are heads.
They grew up because they were able to leave the government of the government, and it sounds like food and political groups in the local fight and they give them a government.
And the more complex and software are these organizations, less we can be able to focus like something to a state.
How do you go to a group like Hans?
They were part of a traffic, and they get up all their work, and they remember the salt, they get the surgery system.
Is it a state? Is it a group group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is I Arabia?
The lines are developed in.
We live in a world of state of state and not state and homes, and the more animals are the states -- like in the Middle Middle East and they put that gap out of the grandmother are not government.
This is important for governments because to focus to these groups will have to invest more in tools not military tools in them.
It will take that government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach of any sustainable approach for it.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better to food groups -- we understand the best people who are going to be able to figure out the evidence of violence to the violence of violence.
In this new device between states and actions not effective, the military power can make some balls, but it will not give us peace or solar.
In order to achieve these objects we need to get into the long investment to find that security of security -- to find that government of government that allows these groups to be able to put into a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a framework as a woman and as a man.
My options about the gender island are actually, but I had to act the stage of "the "growth?
I am fair, but pretty bad ...
And so I took it as a bad man.
Or at least at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The "Man "surgery, and then in the individuals -- people started to call the Mars Mars.
So what I started as a personal program to myself and a development program, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- especially in my young and at the age of 20 years, I had financial ideas on the families, these poor women.
Today, I see how women are created in all the women around the world.
But at the time, I was worried about the guy that I was using people to influence that could be fair.
It would be spending as a family was a short, a white word and development.
And they took me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I ask too much with high open and it comes up to believe that it's just the same.
No one wants to be that green woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
In time, as I was growing up, I started to figure out that I am in fact, in fact, a family and also, proud to be.
For me, certain artists are really, women are equal to men.
We look at the same room for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we understand it, free of home or violence.
We have right to use a easy way to be able to use the antibiotics and the responsibility of relationships.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be limited or distributed distribution.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, experience of gender and relationship and security, social conditions and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matter what we have in community.
But this kind of energy, our family is not anything.
For me, these truth are an increasingly, but to be clear -- I'm a decade.
I'm full of controls.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another conversation.
When I came to the work, I listen to the job.
But even though the letter would tell the women and I get it together, the called "The San Delkey Start is amazing.
"I would actually have to do it with your favorite way.
And I could give you a look at it until the control.
Think about it.
To think, right?
I am completely managed by my own music.
I believe in the work of the man -- which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- -- --  -- all of the complex costs -- but it also will be able to kill insects -- the car career and the market of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The right is my favorite color
And it goes out of the resources in the way and the wrong things.
And I can see "The Bangladesh, and the radio food, and I have the radio forests of the hundreds of days that they do reality.
Some of my devices are more decision.
If a woman wants to take the application of his husband -- it's your choice -- and I'm not going to go to work.
If a woman I decided to go home to grow their children, I accept that choice too.
And the problem is not that it becomes totally value through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is becoming a way that makes women are basically valued when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
Remember the conventional man that has been able to do or figure out the needs of the women, the workers and the workers, the professionals and the entirely, at the end of the white women and the hardware of the hands.
You know, if that's good farmer -- I'm a very bad man.
It also happens the next thing, as a family, I feel a lot of power.
We have this need to put them into a perspective.
We hope that it goes up to the perspective of it.
So when we discovered them, we will take them up with a lot of them from the same power where we put them.
As I've said, I am a decade, I have been able to give you the present before you try to put it up there.
Thank you women -- particularly the individuals and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being seen as family.
They have fear and say, "Yes, I'm fair?
Let's take for Steve Bang, or as I call it the God.
In the last few years is a death man.
And in the Middle Minister Saturns in Man, I went out of the word "good?
It was a market space, looking at this structure of the man will be able to put up the man and make women and to know women and young men that will be fascinating is something to be proud.
I spent the time, the cultural creatures began to have been interested if Benjamin was or not really fascinating.
They were able to get his man, instead of just creating the word of a woman and a half woman and mathematical woman.
We were able to allow the factors, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want so much of a lot of a lot.
We are going to be a lot beyond the sense of creativity and consumers, to design the size of any woman -- you will go up until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad family, or more well, a more English man is the point.
But what about what?
We went back to recognize our willing to give you the action and be a little bit more values and a little bit more.
If I hear music music -- I am creating a challenge for artists that were more than you were going to be more likely to be able to produce a complete substance.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their colleagues until we were going to be able to go up to the change.
However, it's hard.
Why does it have your music to be so possible?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to put a little bit of electricity.
But when the bad decisions are given that it makes it more difficult for women to achieve the island -- the island that we all think and is our responsibility -- and it is our reality.
I think of my banks, three and four years.
They are two children -- they decided and books, and also very values -- I want you to believe in a world world.
Where you learn for the forces that they are.
And I think about them, in fact, the best evidence is moving like something much more easy to do.
We can all take better decisions of it.
We can change the cause when a collection program comes to sexual violence against women as a device, it goes up to the Bang of them.
We can change the rest of rich when we listen to places that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the center in another part when the movie doesn't treat the women more than as a digital objects as well.
We can stop able to support the professional development where the cars are created to their companies as a subject of back.
In any case, the men -- especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in their research, particularly in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't including a enough number of women -- so much to make decisions to make decisions -- so much to be able to make decisions to make decisions -- so much to be able to make decisions to
And I'm not going to work with you until your population or their organization is more including with a more advanced game of people.
Those of us who are involved but they are invited in this kind of projects -- we can also be able to be income until more like us are going to be able to save the batteries to the devices of decided to decide the batteries to the devices of decided to decide the batteries to the devices of decided to decide the batteries to the devices of decision to
Because we are not longer women -- without these evidence -- but we have to be able to figure out how to make very bit.
We can eat these little act act parts and hope that our decisions come to the heart, people in the digital power and terms of heart and music, Chinese, the people, the people who can take big decisions and the people who can take big decisions and a significant change.
We can also be able to be able to go up with our mother, well, bad or any restaurant.
The last line of my book "Market, he says, "I will be a bad family to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all of all, because in my voice was taken to me and the man helped me go back.
There was a interview.
I call it international to make what happened.
And a few kids were going to be very young when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl to a guy.
They tried me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They did my voice -- and after everything I didn't have to believe that I could say something that could important.
But I was writing it.
And with it I came back to it.
I got in a more strong version of myself.
And I read the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who look like me and understand what it means to live in this world if you have the blue skin of it.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure with.
And through the written and the family, I also discovered that if it was a little bit, another woman could be able to see and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to get anything to get things.
And in the other, I put the beautiful reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad family, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about it, what I say and what I do, without getting everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope that we can all be a little bit, when you need to be a little bit more.
And after Nature last year of the last year, 100 children in California, they had to have seen Darwin or to be experiments to someone who had been there.
And then the virus then came up with Carolina, investigating more than 100 children in Pakistan.
One of the fundamental things of this arm is that the temperature that can be a family for a child with a device with a development system, it's one of the most fundamental diseases in the world.
There is a living violence against this for more than a half a century -- but so many of the children involved in the Dr. Descarter had not been seen because their parents had fear of something totally even beauty, the antibiotics.
But a moment, it was not the article that was going to go up in the audience and the development of the adversary and the development and the device for being a factory for the British Michael Bronx Bronx."
I don't think the majority of the individual scientists that the theory that the theory that the theory of the cause cause is a support?
I think most of you know that, but millions of parents all over the world will still have to be able to put their children into their children of having an automobile.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a group of the advances of the air in time.
For most of the 20th century, the car is considered a very short disease.
And the few politicians and patients who had heard about it creating all of their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades -- the tools of presentation are still just three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the early 1990s, the numbers started to do it.
Being free organizations like Amazon Arabias are going to come back to the open as a picture, as if I could get it from another child in David Day.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
So if you ask people from the center of control of Congress of Design of Alliance what is going on, they tend to put it into families like "green diseases, and the best design of cases, to explain these groups of growth.
But that kind of language didn't make a lot of the fear of a young young man who looked for the face of his son of two years, the visual control.
If you have the distribution of the diagram that they had to figure out, why were they so responsible to the principle?
Why were the cases of the very hard access to find before the decade of the 1990s.
five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with the amount of science and the science of science that with the power of nature.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the car is and how you discovered it, but that story turns out to be familiar, and the consequences of the same are having a demographic impact in the global health.
There was a second story of the audience that had been lost and supported in the dark sky.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a controlled patient, Laboratory Kanta, from the Hollywood Johnson Bank -- in 1991, Kenya published a article that I described to 18 young patients who seem to have the present world, not even to their own parents, even to their own feet.
They were able to focus for hours for your hands to go up to their face, but they were present from the power by the mission as when it doesn't put their favorite game in their room without knowing them.
On the basis of the patients are created in their climate call, Kenya species that the car is very hard.
And by the age of 1990, as the world's main activity in the world, I would say that I had seen less than 100 true cases of their surface while I remember research of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be able to figure out, because the collection of Kenya for the device of open were very quickly.
For example, I want to give you that device to kids with kids, but now we know that space is very common in the audience.
Once he had been able to become four of every 10 children sent up by other doctors to their ability to be accessible without giving them a distribution of addictions.
Kenya was a smart man, but part of his theory were not closer.
Call the audience as a form of entire social particles cause by the family and the decades.
These kids, he said, they have been focused on a record that doesn't make it.
At the same time, Kenya noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that go up in certain areas like music.
One of the children in your climate could be able to detect between 18 minutes before I would get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite designers -- he certainly said, "So they said.
But Kenya had a bad evidence of these skills -- it would take things like kids were just going to have heard what they had heard of their parents and described to win their application.
As a result, the car became source for the families for the families -- and two generations of children were sent to institutions for their own well, to trust it for the world.
It was not until the decade of 1996, that the researchers started to try to treat the theory of Korean that the car was right.
And I was able to be Learning College, and I thought that the theory.
She and his wife and his wife was people who were close and accessible, and they had an old son called Sunday.
And John and John knew the hard thing that was created to a girl like Sunday without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to stop the National National Service that they needed more resources for the children and their families and their families and his colleagues Kenya decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They made a study of advertising in the general population.
They put a sensory of London called Cambridge to try to find the children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the model of Kenya was too literally, because the reality of the bees was much more connected and fun.
Some kids were not able to talk at all, while other people were involved in their face for the advertising -- in the diseases or in the generation of the reality.
In the other way, these kids were not found in course and assets, as Jesus, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the modern model of Kather would have come in.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one had thought of these children before.
But then I found a record to a pattern of a public pattern in 1990, the next year when I was the next year in Kanter, and then he got in the course of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kenya knew about this piece of compassion -- but I was able to put it into your own work.
There was not even a product to English in the English -- but by the way, the sea of Earth talked about, and he did it for it.
And the record is going to be an alternative story of the audience.
His open was a man called Harvard House, who would make an information with an international school in the 1990s in the 1990s in the 1990s.
So the ideas of Asian for the interaction of children with learning differences were even likely even for the brain status.
The morning in their climate started with kinds of emotions with music, and the kids are going to get their games on the room.
Instead of having the parents to cause the authorities of carefully, including the describe of the life of life that requires complex forms of support and specific spaces during the course of the whole life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their climate as patients -- I was going to tell you the little crafts, and they were going to help help in the development of education of education that were essentially access for them.
Facilitation, Asia looked at the open as a different approach that would take a variety of distributions and discovery.
And he believed that the car and the authors were common and they have always been able to see that that is being able to look at this control in the known control as the social science.
He was beyond it even to say, that for the success in science and art -- a piece of attention is essential to it.
I was able to figure out that Kenya was wrong.
In the next few years, they would work in situation with the United States in the United States to increase the distribution of the device that they did the diversity of what they called "the adverse.
At the end of the 60 and the early early 20th in the age of their changes are going to go up with the model of Kenya by you for a terror and even and even Alistomis.
These changes are not going to be able to go back.
And I mean, when I was able to work in between bacteria to remember these creatures, people all over the world see an open car for the first time.
Before I went back to "The Marine Marine in 1995, just a little crime, to be able to know what was the antibiotics, but after the application activity of Descarter Descarter like Rose Bang and the Research of the world knew what it was like to know what was the antibiotics.
At the same time, they put the first easy clinical proteins to be able to draw the authority.
I don't have to have a connection with that little set of experiments to get a design for his son for his son for his son for his son for his son for it.
The combination of "The Mars Mars changed the changes and the influence of these programs created a network of network -- a perfect percent of the scientific science.
The number of designers started to go up, just just like Bob and Japan, in fact they hope that it was, it would be able to get the people with open and their families finally had the support and the services that they look at.
So Allian Walker was going to be able to connect the violence for the increase in the diseases -- a simple -- powerful and serious history as bad as the theory of Korean was interested.
If the activity of the center of the control center that 10 in the United States in the United States are right in the space -- it's right is one of the largest social groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are the pieces to solve for the new doctors -- taking the new newspapers to make the variation of human surgery.
One way of understanding nature is to think about terms of human systems.
The fact that a PMS doesn't work with Labs, it doesn't mean that it's wrong.
In the adversity of the authorities, the normal human brain is probably available -- social enough and structure of an attention to the challenge.
However, people have difficult people to live in a world not built for them.
60 years later, we are still coming back to Alian, which I believe that the "guy for the most important approaches are found in the understanding of the teachers -- financial communities -- and the parents in the potential of their children.
A young woman called Johns Ben once once said, "We need all the hands in order to understand the beauty of humanity?
As we go back to a single future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow you to figure out a brain.
Thank you.
